You get your bus pass?
I'm not going to buy one.
You're not?
I think it's a waste of money.
It actually costs less if you have a bus pass.
You can use it however many times you need to.
Yup, and you can keep the money in your pocket.
You should go get yours.
Yeah, I think I will.
I'm calling today about a bill that I never received.
Can you tell me which credit card it was for?
It was for my Master Card.
You should've gotten that bill two weeks ago.
I haven't got it in the mail yet.
The computer is showing that all bills have been mailed.
What am I supposed to do about my bill then?
Maybe you should call your post office.
But if it's their mistake, can I get an extension on my bill payment?
Yes, but you will need to send us proof of their mistake.
Thank you very much for your help.
No problem. Enjoy the rest of your day.
I was inquiring about a bill that I never got.
Which credit card was the bill for?
The bill was for my Master Card.
That bill should have been mailed about two weeks ago.
It never came in the mail.
My computer shows that it has already been mailed.
I have not gotten my bill, so what should I do about that?
You should try contacting your post office.
If it is the post office's fault, may I have an extension on my bill?
You'll have to prove it was their error; then you can get an extension.
You are very welcome. Have a good day.
I haven't received my credit card bill yet.
Which credit card are you speaking of?
My Master Card.
We sent that bill out a couple of weeks ago.
I never got it.
Your bill was mailed already.
What am I going to do since I haven't received the bill?
If you haven't gotten it yet, then you should probably take that up with your post office.
Can I get an extension on my bill if it does happen to be the post office's fault?
If that's the case, you will need to provide proof of their mistake.
Don't mention it. Call back if you have any more problems.
There's a problem with my credit card.
A charge came up on my bill that I didn't make.
What was the charge for?
The charge was for a $350 purse, but I did not buy it.
Are you sure that you didn't make that purchase?
I would know if I bought something that expensive.
I apologize. What day was this purchase made?
It was bought on November 12th at 3:15 pm, while I was at work.
All right, we'll do an investigation.
Until this investigation is finished, will I have to pay for the charge?
No, you don't. We'll take care of it.
I have a problem with my credit card.
There is a charge on my card that I didn't make.
Can you tell me what the charge was?
It's for a purse that cost $350.
Are you positive that you didn't buy the purse?
I can't even afford a purse that expensive.
I'm very sorry. When was this purchase made?
I was at work, but the purchase was made at 3:15 on November 12th.
We're going to investigate this claim.
Do I have to pay for this charge?
You won't have to pay for anything.
There is something wrong with my credit card.
There is a charge on here that I never made.
What charge was made?
It was a charge for a $350 purse that I never bought.
You didn't make this purchase?
I think I would remember if I made a purchase that large.
Sorry. When was this purse purchased?
It was purchased on the 12th of November at 3:15 pm, but I was at work.
We'll do an investigation and get to the bottom of this.
In the meantime, do I have to pay for this charge?
No. We'll take care of everything.
Ordering Cable Services
I would like to order cable.
Sure, what package do you want?
What kinds of packages do you offer?
We have all kinds of movie channel packages.
What else do you have?
There is a package for all sports channels.
Do you have a package that includes all the movie channels with the basic channels also?
Yes, we do offer that package.
I want that.
Do you want anything else?
No, but is it possible for me to add channels later?
You can always get rid of channels or add some later.
I want to get some cable.
Do you know what package you want to get?
What packages do you have?
We have movie channel packages.
What else have you got?
You can get the sports package.
Is there a package with basic and movie channels?
We have that package.
Let me get that package.
Is there anything else you would like?
That's everything, but can I add channels later?
You will be able to add or get rid of channels another day.
May I order some cable from you today?
Okay, what package would you like to order?
I'm not sure of what packages you offer.
We offer packages with all the movie channels.
Are there any other packages?
We also have packages with all the sports channels.
I want a package that has the basic and movie channels.
We have that available.
I would like to get that.
Would you like anything else with your package?
That's it, but will I be able to add more channels at another time?
Yes, you can add or get rid of channels later on if you would like.
Inquiring about Internet Services
I would like to order some internet today.
What kind would you like?
What kind of internet is there?
You can get DSL or dial-up.
Which of those two is best?
I would recommend DSL.
Is that one better?
It's better because it doesn't tie up your phone.
DSL isn't connected through your phone line, but dial-up is.
So then I can't use my phone if I'm on the internet?
That's correct. With DSL you can do both.
I need to get internet.
Which kind of internet connection do you want to get?
What kind can I get?
There is dial-up or DSL.
Which one do you feel is best?
I would get DSL if I were you.
DSL is better than dial-up?
It's the best choice; plus, it won't tie up your phone line.
I'm not sure what that means.
Dial-up is connected through your phone, unlike DSL.
That'll make it impossible for me to use.
Exactly. With DSL you don't have that problem.
I'd like to have internet on my computer.
Do you know what kind of internet you would like to get?
What are my options?
You can either get dial-up or DSL.
Which one would you recommend?
DSL is the best choice.
Why is DSL better?
It's a lot better because it doesn't tie up your phone line.
What exactly does that mean?
Well, with dial-up your internet is connected by your phone line.
That means that I can't use my phone and the internet at the same time, right?
That's right. You won't have that problem with DSL.
Installing High Speed Internet
I need to get my high speed internet installed.
You'll need to make an appointment.
Could I do that right now, please?
What day would you like us to do the installation?
Is Friday good?
We're only available at 3:00 pm.
You can't come any earlier than that?
I'm sorry. That's the only available time.
Are you available this Saturday?
Yes. Anytime on Saturday will be fine.
How does 11:00 sound?
We can do it. See you then.
I would like high speed internet installed in my house.
You have to make an appointment before we can come out and install it.
I'd like to make an appointment right now.
What day are you available?
I would like to have it done this Friday.
Three o'clock is the only time we can come in.
Is it possible for someone to come a little earlier?
I'm sorry, but that's our only available time.
How about Saturday?
We're completely open on Saturday.
Can you come over at 11:00?
When can I get high speed internet installed?
You're going to have to make an appointment.
Can I make one right now?
When would you like the installation to be done?
I'm off this Friday.
The only time we can come on Friday is at 3:00 pm.
I'm going to need it installed earlier than that.
I'm sorry, but we're booked up on Friday.
Is Saturday any better?
Saturday is perfect. What time would you like?
Is 11:00 fine?
That's perfect. See you on Saturday.
Reporting an Internet Problem
I need somebody to come over and fix my internet.
For some reason it's just not connecting.
How long have you been having this problem?
It hasn't been working the past few days.
Does the internet come up at all?
It does, but it won't connect to anything.
Well, the internet isn't down, so there must be something wrong with your connection.
Could you send someone to fix it today?
I'll send somebody over right away to fix it.
When will they be here?
They should be there in the next hour.
I need to get my internet fixed.
What's the problem with your internet?
It won't connect.
How long has this been happening?
This problem has been happening for a few days now.
The internet doesn't come up at all?
It just won't connect to a webpage, but it will pop up.
There's obviously a problem with your connection.
I'm going to need someone to come and fix it for me.
I can send somebody right now to fix it.
How long will it take for them to get here?
They'll be there in about an hour.
Can you send someone to fix my internet?
Are you having a problem with it?
My internet is having problems connecting.
Can you tell me how long your internet has been messing up?
I've been having this problem for the last few days.
Will the internet even pop up?
It'll pop up, but it won't connect to a webpage.
Since the internet isn't broken, your connection must be messed up.
Do you think you can send somebody over to fix it?
If you'd like, I can send someone to fix it right now.
How long will it be till they get here?
It should be no longer than an hour.
Asking for Credit for Service Interrupted
I am calling about my cable service.
For the past week my cable hasn't been working.
I apologize, but the cable has been down lately.
Do you know when it is going to start working again?
Give it a couple days, and it should be back on.
Will I still have to pay for the cable while it's not working?
Since it's not working, I'm going to give you a credit.
So I don't have to pay anything?
You won't pay anything until your cable starts working again.
Okay, thank you very much for your help.
No problem. Thank you for being so understanding.
I have a question about my cable.
I haven't been able to watch my cable for the past week.
Right now the cable isn't working.
Could you tell me when it will be back on?
The cable should be running again in a couple of days.
In the meantime, do I still have to pay for the cable?
We'll just give you a credit for the inconvenience.
Does that mean I won't have to pay for it?
It'll be free until it comes back on.
Thanks, I appreciate your help.
Thank you for all your patience.
I have a problem with my cable.
My cable has been out for the past week or so.
The cable is down right now. I am very sorry.
When will it be working again?
It should be back on in the next couple of days.
Do I still have to pay for the cable?
We're going to give you a credit while the cable is down.
So, I don't have to pay for it?
No, not until your cable comes back on.
I'm having problems with my computer.
For some reason it won't turn on.
Have you checked the connections on your computer?
What connections?
There are cords that connect your computer to a power outlet.
Will the cords keep it from turning on?
It won't turn on if the cords aren't connected.
I didn't think of that.
Try it and see if it works.
I think that I will, thanks.
It should work, but let me know if it doesn't.
My computer isn't working.
I'm trying to turn it on, but it won't work.
Try checking the connections.
Which ones are you referring to?
The cords that you see behind your CPU that plug into an outlet.
Is that why it won't turn on?
If they're not connected right, that will keep it from turning on.
You should check the connections.
I'm going to do that.
Tell me if it's still not working.
Did you see if all the connections are right?
I'm not sure I understand what you mean.
The connections between your CPU and your outlet.
Is that what's stopping my computer from turning on?
If your plugs aren't connected all the way, the computer won't turn on.
Why don't you try it and see what happens?
I'll try it right now.
Let me know if that doesn't work.
Making an Appointment to Have a Haircut
Great. What can I help you with?
I need to make an appointment for a haircut.
Okay. What day would you like to come in?
How's Saturday?
Let me just check the books.
Yes. We have openings only that morning.
Can I make it for 10:30?
Sounds great, thank you.
No problem. See you Saturday morning.
Perfect. What did you need?
I would like to schedule an appointment to get a haircut.
What day are you free?
I'd like to come in on Saturday.
I'll just see if we have any openings.
The only time we have on Saturday is in the morning.
I'd like to schedule it for 10:30.
We'll see you then.
I'm fine. How can I help you?
I need to get a haircut, so can I schedule an appointment?
What day would you like to make the appointment?
I was thinking Saturday.
All right. Let me check to see if we have any openings that day.
You can only make an appointment for Saturday morning.
Is 10:30 okay?
I'll pencil you in for that time.
You're welcome. We'll see you on Saturday.
Making Requests to the Hairdresser
I want to try something different today.
I want a different hair style.
What style do you want?
Can you make my hair short?
Exactly how short do you want it?
Make it a few inches long.
Are you sure you want me to cut it that short?
I've been thinking about this for a while now.
Okay. I'll do it if you're positive that this is what you want.
I honestly want my hair that short.
All right, then let's begin.
Let's do something different today.
Like how?
I would like you to give me a different hair style.
Give me a short haircut.
Do you know how short you want your hair to be?
I want you to cut it to a few inches long.
That's pretty short. Are you sure about this?
I've had this idea for some time now.
I'm going to do it, but you have to be sure you really want me to.
This is what I want.
Fine then. Let's get started.
I really want to switch things up.
What were you thinking?
I think I want to try a new style.
What would you like me to do?
I want you to cut my hair shorter.
How short?
I want my hair to be only a few inches long.
Do you really want it that short?
Yes, I've been wanting it short for a while now.
If you really want me to, then I'll do it.
I'm absolutely sure that this is what I want.
Let's do it.
Paying the Hairdresser
Are you almost finished with my hair?
I'm almost finished.
How much longer is it going to be?
I'm done now. Do you like it?
I absolutely love it.
You really like it?
Yes, I truly do.
It's going to be $55.
Here you go, thanks for everything.
Make sure and come back in a couple of weeks.
Will you be done doing my hair soon?
Give me a little while longer.
How much time do you need?
There you go. How do you like it?
I think it looks gorgeous.
You think it looks nice?
I honestly think it looks great.
Thanks. I'm glad that I did a good job.
How much is it for my hair?
Just give me $55.
Thanks for doing such a good job.
No problem. I'll see you next time.
Complaining to the Hairdresser
You're spending a very long time on my hair.
I'm almost done.
I needed you to be finished an hour ago.
I'm all done now.
Are you sure you're finished?
You did a horrible job on my hair.
I don't like anything about it.
I apologize.
That's fine, but I'm not paying for it.
Excuse me? Let's try to work this out, okay?
It's taking you forever to do my hair.
Give me a minute.
You should've been done already.
There you go.
I don't think that you're done.
My hair looks hideous.
What's so bad about it?
It doesn't look good at all.
I really hope that you didn't expect me to pay you for this.
Well, let me talk to my manager, okay?
What's taking you so long?
Don't worry. I'm almost finished.
I need you to hurry up.
All right. I'm finished.
I think there's more you need to do.
My hair looks awful.
What don't you like about it?
I just don't like my hair.
I'm sorry that you don't like it.
I won't be paying you for this.
I'm sure we can work something out.
Talking to People at the Laundromat
Have you been coming to this Laundromat long?
I have been washing clothes here since a few years ago.
It doesn't cost me as much to wash here.
I've just started doing my clothes here.
Why are you washing your clothes here now?
My washing machine broke down.
You should just pay someone to fix it.
It's too expensive to get it fixed.
So you're just going to wash here?
Yes, I think that's what I'm going to have to do.
It costs less to wash here.
How long have you been washing clothes here?
I started washing here about three years ago.
I can wash my clothes for less money here.
This is my first time washing clothes here.
What reason are you washing here today?
I can't wash at home because my machine is broken.
Go and get it repaired.
That'll cost too much.
Are you going to continue washing your clothes here for a while?
I have no choice.
Washing clothes at a Laundromat costs a lot less money.
Do you wash clothes here often?
I have been coming here for the past few years.
Why do you wash here?
It's actually a lot cheaper for me to wash my clothes here.
I've only washed my clothes here a couple times.
Why don't you wash clothes at home?
I would, if my washing machine wasn't broken.
Why don't you just get it fixed?
So you plan on washing your clothes here from now on?
That's my only option right now.
Don't worry. Besides, it's a lot cheaper to wash clothes this way.
Operating the Washer and Dryer
I'm not sure about how to operate the washer and dryer.
I need help turning them on.
You need change.
The machines take change?
Yes. It costs fifty cents for the washer and a dollar for the dryer.
How do I do it?
You put the coins into the slot, push it in, and it will turn on.
There's nothing else to it.
You're welcome. Let me know if you need anything else.
I need help using the washer and dryer.
I can't figure out how to turn them on.
Do you have some quarters?
I didn't know I needed change.
The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar.
Where do I put the change?
The quarters go into the slot. You have to push the slot in, and the machine will turn on.
Is that everything that I have to do?
That's all there is.
I appreciate you helping me with this.
If you need anything else, just let me know.
Could you tell me how to use the washer and dryer?
Do you know how to turn them on?
Do you have any change?
I need change for the machines?
You need to put 50 cents into the washer machine and a dollar into the dryer.
So what do I need to do?
The machines will turn on once you put the quarters into the slot.
That's really all I have to do?
Thanks for all your help.
I'm here if you need any more help.
Returning a Call to Child's Teacher at School
I'm returning your phone call.
I'm glad that you could get back to me so fast.
No problem, but what were you calling about?
I needed to talk to you about your son.
Is he messing up in school?
He was acting up in class one day last week.
What was he doing?
He wouldn't stop talking throughout the class.
I don't know what's gotten into him.
If you could, would you please talk to him?
I will get right on that, and I am very sorry.
Did you call me?
Thank you for returning my call.
What was your call about?
I wanted to have a talk with you about your son.
What did he do?
He was messing around last week in class.
Exactly what did he do?
Even though I asked him not to, he kept speaking out in class.
I don't know what his problem is.
I need you to talk to him, if you don't mind.
That won't happen again, I'm sorry.
Thank you. Hopefully I won't have to call about him again.
I believe that you called me?
Oh, hi. Thanks for getting back to me quickly.
Why did you call me?
I was calling about your son.
Did he do something wrong?
Your son was acting up in class.
He was talking and causing a disturbance during class.
That's really not like him.
If you could just talk to him, I would greatly appreciate it.
I apologize, and I'll make sure he doesn't do that again.
Don't worry about it, but thank you very much.
Meeting Child's Teacher at School
It's nice to meet you.
I'm glad we're meeting today. Thank you.
I would like to talk to you about your daughter.
No, your daughter is great.
That's great news.
Your daughter is a wonderful student.
She isn't messing up in class?
Of course not. Your daughter is smart and very well behaved.
I'm so glad to hear that she's doing well.
It is my pleasure to have her in my class.
We finally get a chance to meet.
Thank you for meeting me here.
I need to speak with you about your daughter.
I enjoy having your daughter in my class.
I'm glad to hear it.
She is a great addition to my class.
You don't have anything bad to say about her?
She is always behaving herself, and she's so smart.
I am so happy that she's doing okay.
I'm more than happy having her in my class.
It's nice to meet you. Thanks for coming.
It's my pleasure.
I wanted to meet with you to discuss your daughter.
Is she acting up in class?
Not at all. She's a joy to have in my class.
Is she really?
She is absolutely wonderful.
So she isn't causing you any problems?
No. She is actually very intelligent and well behaved.
I'm glad to know that you like her.
You have nothing to worry about with her.
Asking Someone to Run Errands
Can you go to the store for me?
Sure, I can go to the store for you. What do you need?
Just a couple things, here's a list.
Is there anything else that you want me to pick up?
No, I think that's all that I need.
Is there any other place you would like me to go to for you?
If you can, could you pick up my prescription for me?
Sure, no problem. Is your prescription ready?
I think so. It should be.
Okay, I'll pick it up for you.
Can you pick up some things from the store for me?
Of course, what do you need?
I need a few things, I'll give you the list.
Is there something else you need that you can think of?
Everything I need is on the list.
Do you want me to make any other stops while I'm out?
Since you asked, would you pick up my medicine from the pharmacy?
Is it ready to be picked up?
No problem. I'll do that for you.
I really appreciate you doing this for me.
I would appreciate it if you could go to the store for me.
No problem. What do you want me to get?
Here's a list with a few things that I need you to get.
Did you forget to put anything on the list?
I don't think I forgot anything.
Would you like me to go anywhere else for you?
If you don't mind, I would appreciate it if you would pick up my prescription.
Has your prescription been filled yet?
Someone at the pharmacy called and told me it was ready.
Sure, I'll go get it for you.
Anything for you.
Riding the Bus
How much is the fare for this bus?
It costs $1.25 to ride the bus.
So, how long have you been driving buses?
I've been driving this bus for only a few months.
Do you enjoy being a bus driver?
Not really.
I would never dream of driving a bus.
I didn't either, but a paycheck's a paycheck.
Nice talking to you too.
Have a good day.
That'll be hard to do while driving the bus.
How much for the bus ride?
It's $1.25 for this bus.
How long have you been a bus driver?
I started driving the bus a few months ago.
Is it fun driving the bus?
I don't think I ever wanted to be a bus driver.
I never did either, but it pays the bills.
I liked talking to you too.
What does it cost to ride this bus?
The fare is $1.25.
Have you been driving buses a long time?
I haven't been driving for long, only for a few months.
Do you like to drive the bus?
Not in the least bit.
I would have never dreamed of ever becoming a bus driver.
I never dreamed of doing this either. The only thing I like about it is the money.
It was really fun chatting with you.
It was really nice talking to you too.
I'll have a good day once this day is over.
Talking with Angry Parent
Do you realize what time it is?
I'm sorry, I lost track of time.
Do you honestly believe that that is a good excuse?
Not at all--that is what really happened.
How many times do I have to ask you to call if you're going to be late?
Yes, I know. I must've forgot.
That's beside the point, you still should have called.
You're right. I'm sorry.
Next time you come in late without calling, you're gone.
You're really going to kick me out?
Yes, maybe then you'll figure out how to follow the rules.
Actually, if you kick me out, your rules won't matter anymore.
Do you have any idea what time it is?
My bad. I didn't realize that it was so late.
Do you really think that that excuses your tardiness?
Of course not. I really did lose track of time.
Didn't I tell you to call when you're running late?
Yeah, you did. I just forgot to call.
It doesn't matter, you should have called and let me know.
That's true. My bad for not calling.
If you do this again, don't even bother coming home.
You're going to kick me out over this?
Exactly, maybe that'll teach you to respect my rules.
Well, if I'm not living here anymore, then I won't have to listen to your rules.
Do you know how late it is?
My fault. I didn't realize what time it was.
I hope you don't think that excuse lets you off the hook.
Not really. I'm telling the truth.
Haven't I asked you to call if you're going to be home late?
This is true, but it must've slipped my mind.
Regardless, all you had to do was give a call.
I know. I should've called.
Come home late one more time, and you'll find your stuff outside.
You want to throw me out over this?
That's right, maybe then you'll respect my rules.
That's fine, because if I leave, then your rules won't matter.
Cleaning Up the Room
Did you clean your room today?
No, not yet.
When were you planning on doing that?
I'm going to clean it up later.
Didn't I ask you to clean it up earlier?
I want you to vacuum in your room, and don't forget to dust everything.
I know. I'll do it.
Make sure you clean it up before you do anything else.
I'm not going anywhere until later, so I'll clean it then.
Have you begun cleaning up that room of yours?
I haven't started yet, but I will.
What time are you going to clean it up?
I'm planning on cleaning it up a little later.
I told you to clean it up earlier.
I know. I am still going to clean it up.
Make sure you vacuum and dust your room.
I won't forget.
I don't want you to leave until you clean up.
My plans aren't until later, so I'll clean it before I go.
Have you started cleaning up your room yet?
I haven't gotten started on my room yet.
When exactly do you plan on cleaning it?
I have every intention of cleaning my room later.
I thought I asked you to clean your room earlier.
I already told you that I'm going to do it.
Remember to vacuum the floor and dust everything.
I'll remember to do that.
Make sure that you don't go anywhere until you clean your room.
I'll clean my room before I leave.
Buying a Burrito
Man, I'm so hungry! Can you buy me a burrito?
I don't have any money to buy you a burrito.
Please? I haven't eaten anything all day.
Look, I only have money to buy myself a burrito.
I'm so hungry, I could eat a whole cow!
If you're so hungry, why don't you ask someone else for money?
I get paid on Friday, I'll pay you back then.
Well, I guess on Friday, then you can eat.
That's pretty messed up.
Why don't you just go home and eat?
I don't want to go all the way home just to eat.
Well, I guess you're out of luck.
I really want a burrito! Can you get me one?
I haven't got any money to purchase a burrito for you and me.
Would you please buy me one since I haven't eaten today?
I only have a few dollars.
I could eat a horse right now, I'm so hungry.
I want to eat too. Ask someone else to feed you.
Since I get my check this Friday, I can give you your money back then.
So then, this Friday you'll be able to eat.
You're mean to say that.
You should just go home and make yourself a sandwich or something.
My house is too far, and I'm really hungry.
It sounds as if you're going to continue starving.
I'm starving! It would be truly appreciated if you bought me a burrito.
I'm a little short. I don't have enough for you.
I'm starving, as I didn't eat yet today.
I really don't have enough money.
My stomach feels so empty.
Well, why don't you ask Bob for some money? I'm hungry too.
I'll be getting money on Friday, and I'll get it back to you then.
Okay, so on Friday, you can buy yourself something to eat.
You can always go home and make something to eat.
I can't go home yet, because I have things to do here.
Sorry. That's not my fault.
Did you feed the puppies today?
That's good! Just make sure to bathe them later.
No problem. I can do that for you.
Thank you! You know they have to go to the vet on Saturday?
I know. What time do they go?
Their appointment is at eleven o'clock in the morning.
Okay, I won't forget.
Have you given the puppies food yet?
Of course. I fed them today.
Good job! Please give them a bath later on today.
Sure, I'll give them a bath.
Thanks. But don't forget that they have a vet appointment this Saturday.
I remember. What time do they need to be there?
They need to be there at eleven in the morning.
All right. I'll make sure and remember.
Have you given the puppies anything to eat today?
I fed them earlier today.
Great! Could you please bathe them later?
Okay, I'll do that later.
Thank you! Remember that they go to the vet this Saturday.
I know. What time is their appointment?
We need to have them there at 11:00 AM.
I got it. I will remember.
What's for dinner tonight?
It's whatever you're planning on cooking.
You're not going to cook?
No, I always cook.
Yes, and I love your cooking.
Don't give me that. If you're hungry, then cook dinner.
You're being serious?
Look, I'm really tired tonight. I don't feel like cooking dinner.
I'll make dinner tonight.
Thank you. I'm going to bed.
Do you want me to wake you up when dinner is ready?
Yes, please.
What are we going to eat for dinner?
Whatever meal that you plan on making.
I thought you were making dinner tonight.
I do all the cooking.
Your food tastes so much better than mine.
Save it. If you want something to eat, then make it yourself.
You really want me to cook tonight?
I had a long day today. I really am not in the mood to make anything.
Thanks. I'm going to go take a nap.
Would you like me to come get you when the food is done?
So, what's on the menu for dinner tonight?
You tell me.
You're not going to make anything to eat?
You never cook. I always do.
I think you're a better cook than I am.
Oh please, you need to cook tonight.
So you're telling me that you want me to make dinner?
It was a hard day. Can you just do this for me tonight?
I'll cook dinner, don't worry.
I'm going to go rest for a little bit.
I'll come wake you when it's ready, okay?
Washing Clothes
Have you washed any clothes yet?
No, I've only washed my whites.
When you wash your dark clothes, can you put some of mine in?
Sure. Is there any extra care that I should take with your clothes?
Just make sure you keep it on the gentle cycle.
How many clothes of yours do you want me to wash?
There isn't a lot, why, do you have a large load to wash?
It's really only a small load.
Do you mind washing my clothes?
Not at all. It's no problem.
Have you finished washing clothes?
I've finished my white clothes. I need to wash the rest.
When you do your darks, can you wash some of mine too?
I can do that. Is there a special way you want them washed?
They need to be washed on the gentle cycle.
Do you have a lot of clothes that need to be washed?
There aren't many clothes, is your load big?
My load isn't that big.
If it's a problem, you don't have to do it for me.
I can do this for you. Don't worry.
I greatly appreciate this.
Did you already wash your clothes today?
I've only washed my white clothes.
Could you wash some of my dark clothes with yours?
Is there any special care I should take with your clothes?
The only thing is that they have to be washed on the gentle cycle.
Are there a lot of clothes?
There aren't a lot of clothes, do you have a lot to wash?
It's a medium load.
You don't mind, do you?
No big deal. I'll do it for you.
It's time for bed.
I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
Why don't you try counting sheep?
I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
See you in the morning.
Shouldn't you already be in bed?
I can't sleep. I'm really not all that tired.
You need to get some rest, as you have to get up early in the morning.
It's impossible for me to get to sleep right now.
Just close your eyes, and try not to think.
That really does not work for me.
It doesn't matter, you need to get some sleep.
How about I tire myself out, and then fall asleep when I'm tired?
Then you're not going to go to sleep.
Don't worry, I'll make sure and get to sleep in a little while.
I want you in bed, right now, so sweet dreams.
Fine. Sleep well yourself.
Isn't it past your bedtime already?
I am not sleepy.
It's getting late, and you have to wake up early tomorrow.
There is no way that I can fall asleep right now.
Try listening to some soft music.
It won't work. I'm nowhere close to being tired.
I really don't care, just go to sleep.
What if I stay up and do something, until I get tired?
You'll be up all night if I let you do that.
I'm going to get to sleep eventually.
You need to go to sleep now, so go to sleep.
Good night.
Wake up, it's time for school.
I'm so tired. Let me sleep for five more minutes.
You have to get up and get ready for school.
I know, but just five more minutes.
I can't let you go back to sleep, because you won't wake back up.
I promise I'll wake up, in five minutes.
You still need to eat breakfast, take a shower, and get dressed.
I realize that, and I can do all that when I wake up in five minutes.
I don't want you to be late for school today.
I'm not going to be late today.
Fine, five more minutes.
Get up, it's time for you to get ready.
Let me just get five more minutes of sleep.
I would, but you need to start getting ready for school.
I understand, but all I want is five more minutes of sleep.
If I let you go back to sleep, I know that you won't get up in five minutes.
Trust me. I'm going to wake up.
You have a lot to get done this morning.
I already know, and I'll take care of all that when I wake up.
I want you to be on time for school today.
I'll make it to school on time. Don't worry.
I'll let you sleep for a little while longer.
I really appreciate that.
It's time for you to wake up.
Give me five more minutes. I'm really tired this morning.
I'm sorry, but it's time for you to get ready for school.
I get that, but let me just sleep for a little bit longer.
You're not going to get up in five minutes if I let you fall back asleep.
Believe me. I will get up and get ready in five minutes.
There's a lot that you need to do this morning.
I understand, and it will get done after I wake up in five minutes.
I would like for you to not be late for school.
I'm going to be on time today.
Go back to sleep then, but only five more minutes.
Talking to Someone about a Sweater
Where can I buy an inexpensive cashmere sweater?
Maybe you should look around for an outlet.
That is a wonderful idea.
Outlets have more reasonable prices.
No problem. Good luck.
Where can I find a cheap cashmere sweater?
How about an outlet?
Great idea!
Outlets give good deals.
Do you know anywhere that sells cheap cashmere sweaters?
Outlets have cheap cashmere sweaters.
What a splendid idea!
Outlets usually give you great deals.
Thanks for helping me.
Do you know a place that sells cheap cashmere sweaters?
An outlet carries cheap cashmere sweaters.
That's a good idea!
I've always had good luck at outlets.
Thank you for the suggestion.
I hope you find a nice sweater.
I'm looking for a shop that sells inexpensive cashmere sweaters.
Have you tried an outlet?
Why didn't I think of that?
Many of my friends shop at outlets.
Thanks. That is a good suggestion.
I'm only too happy to help.
Shopping for a Sweater
Pardon me. Could you help me?
Of course. How can I help you?
I am looking for a sweater.
What size do you wear?
Medium, I think.
Here. How do you like this one?
It's pretty. Can I try it on?
You can try it on in the fitting room over there.
Excuse me. Can you help me?
Certainly. What can I do for you?
I need to purchase a sweater.
What is your size?
Medium should be fine.
Is this one okay?
Can I try it on somewhere?
The fitting room is in the left corner.
May I ask you a question?
Yes. How can I assist you?
I want to buy a sweater.
What size?
I think a medium should fit me.
How about this one?
The color's nice. Do you have a dressing room?
There's a fitting room right over there.
Do you have a second?
Sure. What do you need?
I'm here to buy a sweater.
I usually wear medium.
What do you think about this one?
It's nice. Where is your fitting room?
The dressing room is in that corner.
Excuse me. Could you help me with something?
I'll certainly try.
I'm looking for a nice sweater.
What size do you wear in a sweater?
Medium is my size for shirts and sweaters.
Here's a medium. What do you think?
I like it. Where can I try it on?
We have a large fitting room in that corner.
After Trying on the Sweater
It looks great.
I would like to purchase it.
Will this be cash or charge?
Just sign here, please.
Here's your receipt. Have a nice day.
Does it look too big?
It looks like it was made just for you.
Yes, I like it. I'm going to get it.
How would you like to pay for it?
Here's my credit card.
Now, if you'll just sign here.
Yes. Here you are.
So long. Have a nice weekend.
Does it look too small?
It fits you to a T.
I agree. I'm going to buy it.
Cash or charge?
I'll charge it.
Sign here, please.
Good-bye, and thank you for shopping here.
Does it look like a good fit?
It's definitely your size.
Yes, it is very nice. I'll take it.
How do you prefer to pay?
Let me use my credit card.
I hope you enjoy your purchase. Good-bye.
How does it look?
It's a perfect fit.
Let me pay for it now.
Cash, credit card, or debit card?
I think I'll use my credit card.
Your signature here, please, and we're finished.
Here's my John Hancock.
Bye-bye. Visit us again soon!
Returning a Radio (1)
I'd like to return this radio.
All right. Do you have the receipt?
May I ask why you're returning the radio?
It does not work very well.
Would you like to exchange it?
No. I'd just like a refund.
Certainly. This will take only a few seconds.
I want to return this radio.
Okay. May I see your receipt?
Certainly. I have it right here.
What is the problem with the radio?
It has poor reception.
Perhaps you'd like a different one?
No, thank you. A refund is all I want.
Okay. Give me a few seconds, please.
I need to return this radio.
That won't be a problem, as long as you have your receipt.
It doesn't pick up my favorite station.
I can exchange it for you.
Thanks, but I just want a refund.
A refund it will be. Do you have the original box?
I'm returning this radio.
No problem. You do have your receipt, don't you?
Here you are.
It doesn't have a headphone jack.
If you'd like, I can show you a different one.
No, thanks. A refund will be just fine.
No problem. This'll only take a minute.
I don't want to keep this radio.
No problem. Let me see your receipt, please.
Of course. I always keep my receipts.
Is there a problem with the radio?
Something is rattling around inside it.
Would you like a different model?
No. Just give me a refund, please.
Okay, a refund will be no problem.
Returning a Radio (2)
Okay. Do you have your receipt?
I lost it.
I am sorry, but you need a receipt for a refund.
But I purchased it yesterday.
Perhaps you would like to talk to customer service.
That's a start, I guess.
They're right upstairs.
That sounds good. I'll take the escalator.
Good luck. I hope someone can help you.
I'm sorry, but I lost it.
I'm sorry, but store policy requires a receipt.
But I bought it yesterday.
Maybe you can find the receipt if you look harder.
Can I talk to a supervisor?
May I suggest customer service, upstairs?
That sounds good. I'll take the elevator right now.
Good luck.
Can I return this radio, please?
Sure. Do you have your receipt?
I misplaced it somewhere.
Unfortunately, I cannot give you a refund without it.
But I bought it right here just yesterday.
I'm sorry, but there are no exceptions.
Someone must be able to help me.
Someone in customer service might be able to help you.
Yes, if anyone can help me, it's customer service.
Just take the escalator upstairs.
No problem. May I have your receipt, please?
Sorry. I could not find it.
We can't give you a refund without a receipt.
You know, I bought it at 3 p.m. yesterday.
I wish I could help you, but it's store policy.
Every rule has an exception.
Perhaps if you try customer service.
Yes, they might be able to help me.
They're upstairs. Good luck!
Certainly. Can I see your receipt, please?
I looked everywhere, but I couldn't find it anywhere.
I'm sorry, but you can't return the radio without your receipt.
Even though I just bought it yesterday?
Are you sure that you looked everywhere for the receipt?
I looked everywhere, twice!
Well, customer service is right upstairs. Maybe they can help.
Great! I'll take the escalator.
If they can't help you, nobody can.
Exchanging a DVD Player
May I exchange this DVD player?
Certainly. Do you have your receipt?
Now, why do you want to exchange it?
It won't play a DVD.
I'm sorry. I'll get you a new player.
At first, I thought it was me.
Okay, here's a new one for you.
I'd like to exchange this DVD player.
Of course. Do you have your receipt?
Now, could you tell me why you want a different one?
It refuses to play my DVDs.
That's strange. Let me get you a new one.
All my friends tried to get it to work.
I hope this one works better for you.
I want to exchange this DVD player.
No problem. Do you have your receipt?
That's one thing I never forget.
Now, what seems to be the problem?
This DVD player won't play DVDs.
Well, at least you kept your receipt. One moment, please.
I spent almost an hour trying to make it work.
If this one doesn't work, just bring it back.
Can I exchange this DVD player?
Let me see your receipt, please.
I always keep my receipt.
Could you tell me what the problem is?
When I hit â€œPlay,â€ nothing happens.
Yours is the first one that's been returned.
Nothing I tried would make it work.
You might want to try playing this one before you leave.
I need to exchange this DVD player, please.
That won't be a problem if you have your receipt.
Now, if you'll just tell me the problem, please.
It won't play my DVDs.
This is a good product. I wonder what went wrong.
I don't know. I trust this brand. This was a fluke, I think.
You're right, this is a good brand. This new one should work just fine.
Exchanging a DVD
May I exchanged an opened DVD?
Certainly, as long as you have your receipt.
I'm sorry, but you're only allowed to return items within 30 days.
Is there any way I can exchange it?
I am not coming here anymore.
I'm sorry, but please don't blame me.
Pardon me. May I ask you a question?
I opened this DVD. Can I still return it?
No problem. May I have your receipt?
Oh, it looks like you bought this more than 30 days ago.
Can't you bend the rules just a little bit?
You just lost yourself another customer.
Don't get mad at me, please. I don't make the rules.
Can you help me, please?
No problem. What is your question?
Is it possible to return an opened DVD?
Sure, as long as you have your receipt.
I'm sorry. You can't return something you bought more than 30 days ago.
Yes, but this is only day 32. Isn't that okay?
I'm sorry, but rules are rules.
Well, this is ridiculous. I won't shop here anymore.
Well, if I was the boss, the rules might be different.
Can you give me a little help, please?
That's what I'm here for.
Can I return this DVD even though I already opened it?
It's right here in my wallet.
Oh, the date on the receipt says that you bought it too long ago to return it.
But aren't there any exceptions?
If I make an exception for you, I have to do it for everyone.
How do you expect to keep loyal customers?
I wish I could help you, but I didn't make the rules.
Would you help me, please?
I want to return this opened DVD. Is that possible?
No problem at all. Do you have your receipt?
Let me dig it out of my wallet.
I'm sorry. You can't return something more than 30 days old.
There must be some way around this.
I'm sorry, but I have to tell everyone the same thingâ€”no.
That's the dumbest rule I ever heard of.
Maybe the rules will change if we lose all our customers.
Looking for a Perfect Gift (1)
Can you help me pick out a gift for my daughter?
She might like a laptop computer.
Might I suggest a Mac?
Well, a 15-inch Pro is $2,100.
That sounds great. I'll take it.
Great. How would you like to pay for it?
Here's my VISA.
Let me ring you up. Okay, sign here, please.
Everything I need is in this box?
It'll take her only a few minutes to get online.
So long. Thank you for shopping here.
I'm looking for a gift for my daughter.
How about a laptop?
Yes, she needs something to help her at school.
How about a Mac?
That sounds good. How much is one?
Our newest 15-inch Pro is only $2,100.
Only $2,100? Okay, let me have one.
That's great. Will that be cash, check, or credit card?
Let me dig my VISA out of my purse.
If you'll just sign here, please.
Do I need to buy anything else?
All she has to do is open the box and follow the instructions.
Thank you. If you have any problems, just call.
I need help finding a gift for my daughter.
Would she like a laptop?
A Mac is a very popular brand.
She mentioned a Mac. How much is it?
A 15-inch Pro model is $2,100 plus tax.
That sounds like a great price. I'll take one.
This is a gift she'll cherish for years. How do you want to pay?
I'll use my VISA.
We're almost through. Just sign here, please.
Just take it home and plug it in?
She'll be online 20 minutes after she opens the box.
She's going to be so pleased with this.
Remember us for all your computer needs.
I wonder if you could help me find something for my daughter.
Do you think she'd like a laptop?
I think that would be perfect.
A Mac is something most people appreciate.
In fact, she prefers Macs. How much is one?
Our 15-inch Pro will cost you only $2,100.
She's going to be so happy. Let me have one.
You've made a good decision. How would you like to pay?
I'll pay for it with my VISA.
It's all yours after you sign here, please.
Are there any extras that she needs?
This is good to go. If she wants accessories, just visit us again.
You've been so helpful. Thank you.
Have a nice day, and thank you for shopping here.
I'd appreciate it if you could help me pick out a gift for my daughter.
Would she be interested in a laptop?
That's exactly what I was thinking of.
A Mac would be an excellent gift.
I like Macs. How much for a Mac?
You can take a 15-inch Pro home right now for only $2,100.
A Mac it is. I'll take one home with me.
She'll be very happy with this. And how do you plan to pay for it?
I'll use my VISA, if that's okay.
Now, if you'll just sign here, the Mac is all yours.
Will she need anything besides what's in this box?
Everything she needs is right here in the box.
I appreciate your help. Maybe I'll be back for more computer stuff.
Your daughter should get straight A's from now on. Good-bye.
Looking for a Perfect Gift (2)
Can you help me pick out a gift for my niece?
Most normal little girls go wild over Barbie dolls.
That sounds good. Let me see one.
Here's the latest model -- Digital Barbie.
She's nice. How much is she?
Why, she's only $29.95.
That's reasonable. I'll take it.
Excellent. Would you like anything else?
The total will be $32.42. Will that be cash?
Cash will be fine.
Here's your change. Thank you for shopping with us.
I'm looking for a gift for my niece.
Well, little girls seem to love Barbie dolls.
That's perfect. I want to see one.
Here you are. She's called Digital Barbie.
I like Digital Barbie! How much does she cost?
This Barbie is only $29.95.
That's perfect. Let me have her.
Very good. Is there anything else you would like?
No, that'll do it for now.
Including tax, your total will be $32.42. Cash or charge?
Let me give you cash, please.
Here's your change and receipt. Thank you.
Do you have anything for a little girl?
Well, we have some new Barbie dolls.
That's a great idea. Show me the Barbie dolls.
Here's one, the new, beautiful Digital Barbie. This doll is hot!
How lovely! How much is she?
It's only $29.95.
No problem. Let me have one.
That's great. Anything else?
No, thank you. That's all I need at the moment.
The grand total is $32.42. How would you like to pay?
I'll give you cash.
Thank you so much for shopping here. Here's your change and receipt.
I want to get something nice for my niece.
Well, I've never heard of a little girl that didn't love Barbie dolls.
I like that suggestion. Show me one, please.
Here you go. Digital Barbie.
My niece will love her! How much for her?
Barbie is our best seller. She's only $29.95.
That's great. I'll take her.
Your niece will love this. Anything else?
Thank you, but no. This will do it for now.
With the tax, your total is $32.42. Would you like to charge it?
I'll pay cash, thank you.
Thank you for shopping here.
Can you help me find a nice gift for my young niece?
Barbie dolls are quite popular, you know.
You're right. Girls love Barbie. Show me a Barbie doll.
Take a look at the newest Barbie, Digital Barbie.
She's beautiful. What's the price for Digital Barbie?
Our regular price for Digital Barbie is $29.95 plus tax.
Only $29.95? I'll buy it, of course.
Another one sold. Do you see anything else you would like?
Tax brings your total to $32.42. How would you like to pay?
Cash, please.
Here's your change. Thank you.
Applying for a Credit Card (1)
Can you tell me where the pots and pans are?
Pots and pans are right over there.
Oh, thank you.
Could I interest you in our store credit card?
No, thanks. I already have credit cards.
But our credit card saves you 10 percent.
That's a nice discount.
Here. Let me give you an application form.
Thank you, but I'm just browsing today.
Okay. Enjoy your browsing.
I'm looking for pots and pans.
That section is right over there.
Perhaps you'd like to sign up for our store credit card.
No, but thank you. I have plenty of credit cards.
Our credit card saves you 10 percent instantly on all purchases.
That does sound nice.
Just fill out this form and you'll get your discount immediately.
You know, I'll pass on it today.
No problem. These forms are also at the front of the store on your way out.
I'm looking for your pots and pans section.
We have a huge pots and pans section right over there.
You know, we have a store credit card.
No, thank you. I already have 1,000 credit cards.
But our credit card gives you 10 percent savings.
10 percent is certainly better than zero percent.
All you have to do is fill out this form for an instant discount.
Thank you. Maybe next time.
Okay. If you need anything else, I'll be right here.
Where are your pots and pans?
All our pots and pans are right over there.
I walked right past it.
Perhaps you'd be interested in a store credit card.
Thanks, but no thanks. My wallet is full of credit cards.
But only our credit card will save you 10 percent on all purchases.
Just take this form, fill it out, and get your instant discount.
Not today, thank you. I'm in a bit of a hurry.
If you change your mind, I'm right here.
Where is the pots and pans section?
You'll find all our pots and pans right over there.
Thank you. All I had to do was open my eyes.
Would you like to receive our store credit card?
No, thank you. The last thing is need is another credit card.
But with our credit card, you save 10 percent instantly.
That's something to think about.
If you fill out this form, you'll get a discount starting today.
Maybe next time, when I have more time.
I understand. Good luck in the pots and pans section.
Applying for a Credit Card (2)
I'd like to get your store credit card.
Here's the application form.
I'm finished. Here's the form.
Thank you. Now if you'll just give me a credit card.
I want to get a store credit card.
I have the application form right here.
I've filled out the form. Here you go.
Thanks. Now all I need to see is a credit card.
Here's my MasterCard.
I want to fill out the form for a store credit card.
Very good. Here's the application form.
I've filled out all the information. Here's the form.
Thank you. Now I need to see one of your credit cards.
Here's my American Express.
I want to apply for your store credit card.
It only takes a few minutes. Just fill out this form, please.
I'm done. Here's the form.
Thank you. Now if you'll just show me a credit card.
Here's my Discover card.
Perfect. Thank you.
The Sale Is Over
Excuse me, but is this dress on sale?
The dress was on sale yesterday.
Are you sure? I'd be happy to pay the sale price today.
I'm so sorry, but rules are rules.
I'll just check out a few other stores.
I'm sorry I couldn't help you.
Is this dress on sale?
It was on sale yesterday.
Still, couldn't you sell it to me today at the sale price?
I'm sorry, but I'd lose my job if I sold it to you at yesterday's sale price.
I had my heart set on buying this dress.
Well, feel free to browse. We have other items on sale today.
Am I right in thinking that this dress is on sale?
I'm sorry. You're one day too late for the sale.
Couldn't you still sell it today at the sale price?
I'm sorry. One day can make a big difference sometimes.
No problem. Other stores are having sales. I'll check them out.
Before you go, let me show you some other dresses that are on sale.
Am I mistaken, or is this dress on sale?
I'm very sorry. The sale ended yesterday.
I really like this dress, but I want to pay the sale price.
If you like, I can put you on our mailing list for the next sale.
That's okay. Some days you win, some days you lose.
Let me ask my manager when he thinks this dress will be on sale again.
Misleading Advertisement
I'm glad these batteries are on sale.
I'm sorry. These batteries are not on sale.
But that's what the ad says.
I'm sorry. If you look at the ad again, you'll see that the other brand is on sale.
You're right. I misread the ad.
Yes, many people make that mistake.
You can't blame them. It's a confusing ad.
You're right. Many ads are like that.
As long as I'm here.
Just one second, and I'll get you the batteries that are on sale.
It's about time these batteries went on sale.
I'm sorry. These aren't on sale today.
You're kidding me. The ad says they're on sale.
Yes, the other brand of batteries is on sale.
I see. I've got the wrong brand.
Yes, it's an easy mistake to make.
The ad is written in a misleading way.
I agree. It seems like all ads are meant to confuse you.
It's not the first or last time.
Hold on, and I'll get you the batteries that are on sale.
You don't often find these batteries on sale.
I'm not sure that these batteries are on sale today.
But the ad says they're on sale.
Yes, batteries are on sale, but not this brand.
What do you know? I picked up the wrong brand.
Yes, several customers have made that mistake today.
Like many ads, it's deliberately confusing.
I couldn't agree more. They write ads just to get you into the store.
I should know better by now.
If you can wait one minute, I'll bring you the batteries that are on sale.
This is the first time I've seen these batteries on sale.
I'm sorry, but they aren't on sale today.
Look at the ad. The ad says they're on sale.
Yes, the ad says that the other brand of batteries is on sale.
Yes, I misread the ad.
Believe me, you're not the first person to make that mistake today.
No wonder people make a mistake. The price is in big letters, and the brand is in tiny letters.
You're right. You have to read an ad two or three times sometimes.
You have to be careful with every ad you read.
It's okay. I'll go get you the batteries that are on sale.
These batteries should be on sale more often.
I don't think these batteries are on sale.
Look at the ad. It says they're on sale.
You're right. Batteries are on sale, but not this brand of batteries.
I didn't pay attention to the brand name.
Several people have misread that ad already today.
People make the mistake because the ad is misleading.
I agree with you. Ads can be very tricky.
I don't know when I'll ever learn.
No problem. I'll bring you the batteries that are on sale. I'll be right back.
Exchanging a Dress
I would like to exchange this dress.
You can exchange this dress with anything of the same value.
Is there anything on sale today?
I'm sorry. There are no sales today.
Are dresses going to be on sale?
Everything's going to be on sale next weekend.
That's great. I'll wait. See you next weekend.
I want to exchange this dress.
You can exchange it with anything of the same price.
Are there any sales today?
We're having a big sale next weekend, but nothing today.
What's going to be on sale?
Dresses, skirts, blouses, pantsuitsâ€¦everything will be on sale.
That sounds great. I'll come back next weekend.
Okay. Don't forget to bring your credit card.
This dress doesn't fit correctly.
No problem. Shop around until you find something you like.
What's on sale today?
If you can wait until next weekend, you can save some money.
Do you know what's going to be on sale?
You'll be happy to know that everything in the store will be on sale.
I won't miss that. I'll wait until next weekend.
Great. Bring lots of cash so you can buy lots of things.
I don't want to keep this dress.
Just leave the dress with me while you find one that you like.
Do you have anything on sale today?
Next weekend is our next sale date.
Do you have any idea what's going to be on sale?
Everything except the cash registers will be on sale.
That sounds good. I'll see you next weekend.
Okay. See you then.
I've brought this dress back to exchange it.
That's not a problem. Leave it with me, and find something that you like.
I was hoping you'd have something on sale today.
We have nothing on sale today. But we're having a big sale next weekend.
Is the sale going to include dresses?
Everything you can see will be on sale.
I like the sound of that. I'll just come back next weekend.
The savings will be worth the short wait. See you next weekend.
I need some flowers for my wife. It's her birthday.
Very well. We have some fresh red roses.
$20 per dozen.
Yes, they're on sale today.
Splendid. Will there be anything else?
My wife's birthday is today. I need some flowers.
We have lots of fresh red roses.
$20 a dozen.
That sounds good. Last year I paid $30.
Yes, you came here on the right day. They're on sale today.
Give me a dozen.
Very good. Would you like anything else?
I need to buy some flowers for my wife.
A dozen will be fine.
These roses should make your wife very happy.
I want to buy some flowers for my wife's birthday.
What are the roses going for?
That sounds nice and cheap.
Give me the roses.
No, but thanks anyway.
Your wife will be thrilled with the roses.
It's my wife's birthday. I need to buy some flowers for her.
Most women love red roses for their birthday.
How much will the roses be?
Now, that's a price that I like.
I'll take the roses.
Very good. Perhaps you'd like something else to go with the roses?
Women love roses, so your wife will be very happy.
Going to an Antique Shop
I want to find an old music box.
We have a great selection. What decade are you looking for?
Do you have anything made in the 1920s?
We have six.
Do any of them have dancing figures?
Actually, two of them have dancing figures.
That's fantastic. I think I like this one.
A good choice. I prefer that one myself.
Is there any warranty with this?
Oh, no, I'm afraid not. These things are just too old to guarantee anything.
Even if they break down, they're still works of art.
Excuse me. I'm looking for an old music box.
Any particular decade?
Something made in the 20s would be nice.
We had seven, but we sold one this morning.
Are dancing figures a part of any of the boxes?
You're in luck. Two of them have dancing figures.
These are great. I think I'll take this one.
Yes, that one is very nice.
Does this come with a warranty?
I'm sorry, but you just have to take your chances.
That doesn't surprise me.
Even if it doesn't work, it's a beautiful collectible.
Pardon me. I need an old music box.
Exactly how old a box do you want?
Actually, I was thinking about something from the 1920s.
We still have six left.
Do any of the boxes have dancing figures?
Dancing figures are quite popular. Two of the boxes have them.
I love the dancing figures. I'll take this music box.
Yes, I think you'll be very satisfied with that one.
I was wondering, does this come with any kind of warranty?
No. But if something goes wrong with it, I know someone who repairs these things.
I was just hoping.
It's amazing that these things still work as well as they do.
I want to purchase an old music box.
We have a good variety. What decade would you like?
I was hoping I could find something made in the 20s.
There are six on this table.
I hope at least one of them has dancing figures.
Many people like the dancing figures. Two of our boxes have the figures.
It's so hard to choose. I think I'll take this one.
That one will bring you many hours of pleasure.
Does a warranty come with this music box?
I'm sorry, but if it breaks down, you're on your own.
I just thought I would ask.
When you buy a Model T, you can't expect a warranty.
I'm searching for an old music box.
You came to the right place. Any particular decade?
If you had a box made in the 20s, that would be nice.
We just got one in yesterday, so now we have six.
Would any of them have dancing figures?
Yes, we still have two boxes left that have dancing figures.
They're both so beautiful. Let me have this one, I think.
That one truly is a beautiful piece of work, isn't it?
One last question: Do you provide a warranty with the box?
Oh, no. Everything we sell here is â€˜as is.'
I guess I was asking for too much.
If it breaks down, maybe you can find a repairman on the Internet.
Buying a Pan
I need a pan.
Okay. Do you have a particular size in mind?
The bigger the better, I think.
Look at this one. It's our biggest pan.
That is big enough, but it's too heavy for me.
Okay, we have the same thing in aluminum.
This is nice and light. But it has an aluminum handle.
Try this one. Same aluminum pan, but with a heat-resistant bamboo handle.
This is very nice. I'll take this one.
That's a good choice. How do you want to pay for it?
Cash. Oh, I almost forgot. I need a lid, too.
I'm so sorry. A lid comes with the pan. Here it is.
I'd like to purchase a pan.
Is there any particular size that you want?
I cook a lot of big meals.
What do you think of this one? It's a 16" pan.
That's the right size, but it's so heavy.
Well, look at our aluminum pan. It's much lighter.
Yes, this is very light, but the handle is also aluminum.
No problem. Look at this one. Same pan, but with a lightweight wooden handle.
Great. This is exactly what I was looking for. I'll buy it.
I think you'll love this pan. Do you want to pay with cash?
Yes. Oh, wait a second, please. What about a lid?
I'm sorry. I forgot to show it to you. Here it is. It comes with the pan.
Can you help me find a pan?
Are you looking for a small, medium, or large pan?
I want a big pan.
Does this one look big enough?
It's the right size, but it weighs too much.
Well, what do you think of the aluminum pan?
It's light enough, but the handle will get too hot after cooking.
Here's the same pan, but it has a space-age, heat-resistant plastic handle.
My family's going to love this one. I'll take it.
I'm so happy that you found what you wanted. Do you want to use a credit card?
Sure. Wait, wait. Does a lid come with this pan?
Oh, I'm sorry. Here's the lid. Yes, it comes with the pan.
I'm looking for a pan I can use in my kitchen.
What size pan were you thinking of?
I've already got a small pan. I need a big one.
Well, this one might work for you.
No, that's way too heavy a pan for me.
Here, lift this aluminum pan. It's the same size.
Yes, it's very lightweight. But I don't want this aluminum handle.
Here's a similar aluminum pan. But it has a heat-resistant handle.
This feels very nice. It's perfect. I'll take it.
I knew we'd find the right pan sooner or later. How would you like to pay?
Cash. But first, I need a lid for this pan.
Oh, no problem. Here's the lid that comes with the pan.
Grocery Shopping (1)
Can you tell me where the produce is?
It's in aisle A.
Do you know what produce is on sale?
I don't know. Check the flyer or check with the produce person.
Where is the produce?
It's on the south wall of the store, in aisle A.
Is there any produce on sale?
I don't know. The produce person can tell you, though.
Where can I find the produce?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
What sales do they have today?
I'm sure something is on sale. Please check with the produce person.
Which aisle has the produce?
Are cherries on sale today?
I don't know, but I'm sure the produce person can tell you.
Grocery Shopping (2)
I'm looking for some fresh produce that's on sale.
Well, we just got in some mangoes.
Mangoes. What are they?
Well, it's a fruit with a big nut in it.
Can you eat the nut?
No, you peel off the skin and throw out the nut.
Well, the sale price is $1 each.
What does a mango taste like?
They're like a citrus fruit.
How do I know if it's ripe?
You can buy them hard. Wait a few days for them to develop a soft feel.
Where do they come from?
Most of them in this store are from Mexico.
Can you direct me to some fresh produce that's on sale?
Well, we've got some great mangoes on sale.
Mangoes? What are mangoes?
Well, it's a fruit with a big seed in it.
Can you eat the seed?
No. Peel the skin with a sharp knife, and throw out the seed.
Well, they're on sale today for only $1 each.
Can you describe their taste?
They usually taste sweet, but they remind me of an orange.
How can I tell if they're ripe?
You can buy them either ripe or unripe. Unripe ones are hard.
Where do they grow mangoes?
The ones that are on sale are from Central America.
Where is some fresh produce that's on sale?
Well, I think you'll like the mangoes.
I've never had a mango.
It's a fruit. It has a big stone in it.
Can you eat the stone?
No. You would break all your teeth on it.
How much are these mangoes?
The sale price today is $1 each.
Don't cut into them until you can feel that they're soft on the outside.
What country produces them?
They come from tropical countries.
Can you tell me about some good deals on produce?
The mangoes are on sale today.
What exactly are mangoes?
They have yellowish red skin. It's a fruit with one big seed.
Is the seed edible?
Maybe if you were a parrot. I wouldn't recommend it.
How much does a mango cost?
Normally, they're $2 each. Today, they're only $1 each.
Maybe I won't like the taste.
It's hard to describe. They're sweet, but also sort of citrusy.
How do I tell the difference between a ripe one and an unripe one?
They're similar to an avocado. When the outside feels soft, they're ripe.
Where do most of them come from?
These are from Mexico.
I'm looking for some good deals on produce.
You might want to try the mangoes.
Can you describe a mango to me?
It's a fruit a little smaller than a grapefruit. It has a big seed in it.
Do I eat the seed?
Maybe some animals eat the seed, but humans don't. You'd have to soak it for 10 years.
What's the price of these mangoes?
Today you get a 50-percent discount. They're only $1 each.
Tell me what they taste like.
Their flesh is soft and juicy. It has a citrus taste. It's sweet.
Do I need to buy them ripe, or will they ripen at home?
Just press into it gently with your thumb. If it feels soft, it's ready to eat.
Where do mangoes come from?
These are from Guatemala, but we're going to start getting mangoes from India.
Buying Business Cards
I would like to buy some business cards.
Excellent. How many would you like?
Two thousand would be fine.
You need to fill out this form, please.
All I want is the same thing on this card.
That will be no problem, sir.
I'm finished. Here's your form and my old card.
Very good, sir. Your order will be ready in one week.
Do you think you could finish it in three days?
No problem, sir. But it will cost you extra.
I need to purchase some business cards.
No problem. How many are you thinking about?
I think 2,000 would be fine.
If you'll just fill out this form, please.
I want the new cards to be exactly like this card.
We can do that very easily.
I'm done. Here's the form and my old card.
Great. Your order will take only one week.
You know, I think it would be better if I could pick it up in three days.
We can do that. It'll just cost you extra.
I need to get some business cards printed up.
Do you know how many you need?
I think I can get by with 2,000.
We can get started as soon as you fill out this form.
I hope you can make the new cards just like my old cards.
You won't be able to tell the difference with a magnifying glass.
I'm through. Here's the form and my old card.
Very good. You can pick up your order in one week.
Now that I think of it, three days is better than seven.
We can do that, but you'll have to pay a little extra.
I need to order new business cards.
Do you have any idea how many you'd like?
I think 2,000 would be enough.
Would you fill out this form, please?
I don't want to make any changes to my old card.
If you detect any difference, I'll take you out to dinner.
That's it. Here's the form, and here's my old card to use as a model.
Thank you. Your order will be ready seven days from now.
I need it sooner. Let me have it in three days, okay?
We can certainly give you faster turnaround, but it will cost you extra.
I'm about to run out of business cards. I need some new ones.
We can print as many as you like. Just tell me how many.
Two thousand should get me through the year.
Here's a form to get you started.
My old card is perfect, so all I want you to do is copy it exactly.
I think you'll be very pleased with how well we duplicate your old card.
Here you go, your form and my old business card.
Thanks. Come back here next Wednesday to pick up your order, please.
I'm sorry, but can you give me a three-day turnaround?
If you don't mind paying a little extra, it's absolutely no problem.
Flea Markets
Do you know where I can find old music boxes?
You could try shopping at a flea market.
What's that? I never heard of such a thing.
A flea market is an outdoor place where people sell all kinds of used stuff.
Well, you can check the local paper or search â€˜flea market' online.
Where can I find old music boxes?
Have you tried a flea market?
What's a flea market?
A flea market is like an outdoor thrift shop.
That sounds promising. Is there one nearby?
Flea markets occur weekly or monthly in various neighborhoods. Check online or in a local paper.
Do you know where they sell old music boxes?
How about a flea market?
A flea market? What's that?
A flea market is a big outdoor place where you can buy all sorts of second-hand things.
I like the sound of that. Tell me where one is.
I myself don't know of any, but maybe they're listed in the Yellow Pages.
Do you have any idea where I can buy old music boxes?
You can find almost anything at a flea market.
What in the world is a flea market?
A flea market sells all kinds of used things, some that you've never even heard of.
Great. Is there one near here?
Actually, our local community college has one on the first Sunday of each month.
I'm looking for old music boxes, but I can't find any.
If you go to a flea market, you can find all kinds of things.
I don't want a music box that's full of fleas!
Ha! A flea market is a popular outdoor place for selling used things. There are no fleas.
That sounds like a good idea. Where is the nearest one?
Actually, there's a huge flea market at the stadium on the second Sunday of each month.
Asking about a Furniture
I need to find a new furniture set for my living room.
Where are you going to find one?
Do you want to know where I bought mine?
Where did you get it from?
I got it from IKEA.
How much did it cost you?
It cost me a couple thousand for the whole set.
Is the furniture sturdy?
The furniture is built extremely well.
I don't mind paying a lot as long as the quality is good.
Well, trust me. The quality is fantastic.
I'm going to buy a new living room set.
Where are you going to buy one?
You like my living room set, don't you?
Where did you buy it?
I found mine at IKEA.
Are they expensive?
Everything I got from IKEA cost me a couple thousand.
Is the furniture crafted well?
The furniture isn't built cheap.
I'll pay the money, as long as I'm getting what I pay for.
You will feel comfortable paying the money.
I have to find a living room set.
Where are you planning on looking for one?
I can tell you where I got mine.
Where did you go to find yours?
IKEA has beautiful furniture.
Does the furniture from IKEA cost a lot?
The furniture cost a couple thousand dollars.
How good of quality is the furniture?
It's very sturdy. You get what you pay for.
I don't mind paying for quality workmanship.
I assure you that you're paying for quality.
Asking about a Fridge
Do you need help with something?
I need help finding a new refrigerator.
Do you see anything that you like?
That Kenmore looks nice.
That is a wonderful choice.
What makes is so great?
It's very inexpensive, and it has all the appliances.
What appliances are you talking about?
The fridge and freezer is very spacious, and it also has an ice maker and water dispenser.
May I take a look inside?
Take a look inside.
It's very nice. I'd like to purchase this refrigerator.
I need to buy a new refrigerator today.
Were you looking at a particular refrigerator?
I like that Kenmore refrigerator.
This particular refrigerator is a very good choice.
Not only is it affordable, but it comes with all the appliances.
What are the appliances.
It has an ice maker, water dispenser, and plenty of room on the inside.
I'd like to see it for myself.
I like what I see.
What are you calling about today?
I scheduled a delivery for tomorrow.
I would like to reschedule.
Can I have it delivered the day after tomorrow?
So, you want it delivered the day after tomorrow?
Yes, will that be possible?
What time would you like us to deliver it?
Is 2:30 okay?
Your delivery has been confirmed.
Thank you, and I'm sorry for the change of plans.
I was going to have a mattress delivered to my house.
I need to have it delivered another day.
I need to have it delivered two days from today.
You want it delivered in two days?
Is that okay?
What time do you want it delivered?
I would like it delivered at 2:30.
I have changed your delivery to that day and time.
I was supposed to have my mattress delivered tomorrow.
Is something wrong?
I need to reschedule the delivery.
I won't be home tomorrow, so I need it done the next day.
In two days?
Yes, that's when I need it done.
At what time?
I need it at about 2:30.
Alright, you're all set with your delivery.
That's great! I appreciate your help.
What are you working on?
I'm figuring out my budget.
What budget?
I'm making a shopping budget, so that I don't spend too much money.
How much money can you spend?
I can only spend $300 a month.
Why only $300?
I need to save the rest.
For what?
I need to pay my bills.
Your budget is a good idea.
I know. It's going to save me a lot of money, I hope.
What are you trying to do?
I'm working on a budget.
What kind of budget?
I need to budget my shopping so that I don't spend all my money.
What's your budget?
I can spend about $300 per month.
Why so little?
The rest of my money needs to be saved.
What do you need to save up for?
I still need to pay my bills.
You're wise for saving your money.
I think it's just common sense.
I'm trying to figure out my budget.
What do you need a budget for?
I need to put a limit on my spending.
What's your spending limit?
I'm only allowed to spend $300 each month.
That's not much.
Because, I need to save the rest of my money.
What are you saving for?
I have bills to pay for too.
It's good that you are being smart with your money.
It's about time that I started being smart.
My washing machine isn't working.
The water will not drain.
Is there anything else wrong with it?
No, that's it.
I can come down and fix that for you if you'd like.
When will you be able to fix it?
How does this afternoon at 2:30 sound to you?
That would be perfect.
Alright, so I'll see you then?
Something is wrong with my washing machine.
For some reason, the water won't drain.
That's the only problem with it?
That's the only problem.
Would you like me to come fix it for you?
Yes. When can you come fix it?
I can be there by 2:30 today.
I'll see you at 2:30.
See you later. Thanks a lot.
I'm planning on going to the market soon.
What are you buying?
I don't know what we need.
I can check for you, if you'd like.
I'll make a list.
First, we need eggs, milk, and bread.
Do we need any meat?
How about some chicken, ground beef, and some steak.
What else do we need?
Get some snack foods.
Is there anything else that we need?
No, but if you can think of anything else, just get it.
I'm going to the market in a little bit.
What are you going to get?
Do you know what we need to get?
Would you like me to check?
Alright, and I'll write everything down.
You need to buy bread, eggs, and milk.
Should I get some meat?
Yes. Get some chicken, ground beef, and steak.
We can also use some snacks.
You can't think of anything else?
You can get whatever else you want.
I want to purchase this television.
I'm selling it for $2500.
That can't be right.
That's the going price for that particular TV.
This is a very high quality television.
I would buy it if the price was lowered.
How much lower?
How about you sell it to me for $2000?
$2500 is a low as I'll go.
My mattress was supposed to be delivered today.
The delivery people showed up four hours late.
I apologize for their tardiness.
I was late for work because of them.
Again, I do apologize for the inconvenience.
I want my money back for the delivery.
Seeing as they were late, that won't be a problem.
It shouldn't be a problem.
I'm going to refund your money right now.
I was supposed to have my mattress delivered today.
Was there a problem with the delivery?
The delivery people were four hours late.
I do apologize.
Since I had to wait for them, I was late for work.
I am really sorry about that.
I need my money back.
I can do that for you. That won't be a problem.
I know it shouldn't be a problem.
I'm getting your money right now.
I had scheduled a delivery for today.
So, what is the problem?
The delivery was four hours late.
I'm so sorry for them being late.
I was late for work, because I had to wait up for them.
I would like to be refunded my money for the delivery.
You will be refunded for the delivery. It'll be no problem.
I shouldn't have to pay for such horrible service.
I'll refund you your money right away.
I would like to return an item.
What are you returning?
I want to return this cellphone.
It's broken.
What exactly is wrong with it?
The phone turns off by itself.
That's fine, but do you have your receipt with you?
Yes, here it is.
I'll refund your money right now.
I am returning something that I bought yesterday.
What would you like to return?
I'm returning a cellphone.
Was there something wrong with it?
It's defective.
What isn't working on it?
It keeps turning off on its own.
Alright, do you have the receipt?
I'm going to take care of this and refund your money.
I need to return something.
What do you need to return?
I need to return this cellphone that I just bought.
What is wrong with it?
It isn't working properly.
What is the problem with it?
For some reason the phone cuts off by itself.
I see, and do you have your receipt?
I'll take care of this right now.
Thank you for purchasing your new mattress with us.
Would you like us to deliver the mattress for you?
When do you want it delivered?
I need it delivered tomorrow. Will that be possible?
What time exactly?
I need it delivered at 12:00.
We can have it to you at that time.
That's not a problem?
We will deliver your mattress tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
That's great! Thank you very much.
Would you like your mattress delivered?
I would like that.
When would you like us to deliver it?
Can you deliver it tomorrow?
Is 12:00pm okay?
We can do that.
We will deliver it at that time.
Perfect! See you then.
What are you doing here?
I'm just shopping.
What are you shopping for?
Some new clothes. How about you?
Have you found anything nice yet?
I found a few pairs of pants.
Where'd you get those?
I found them at JCPennies.
Those are really cute.
Do you want me to show you where I found them?
I would like that. Thank you.
What are you doing here today?
I felt like doing some shopping.
What are you going to buy?
I need some new clothes. What about you?
I'm trying tofind some clothes myself.
Have you found anything that you like?
I got a new pair of pants.
Those are cute. Where'd you get them.
I bought them at JCPennies.
I really like those.
I'll show you where to get them at.
Funny seeing you here.
I'm doing a little bit of shopping.
What are you looking for?
I'm looking for new clothes. How about you?
I'm shopping for clothes too.
What have you bought so far?
I got these new pants.
Where'd you find those at?
I got them at JCPennies.
Those are beautiful.
I can show you where to find them, if you'd like.
Sure. Thanks a lot.
I want to go try on these clothes.
What did you find?
I found some jeans, and a new blouse.
Go and try it on.
I love that shirt on you.
What about the jeans?
They don't really fit you right.
I don't think so either.
That blouse is absolutely wonderful on you.
I'll just buy the shirt.
That would be a good idea.
I need to try these clothes on.
What are you going to try on?
I just found some jeans and a top.
Try it on.
How do I look in this?
That shirt looks great.
How do these jeans look?
They don't look nice on you.
I don't like them either.
I just like that shirt.
I'm just going to buy the shirt.
Good, because those pants are ugly.
I'm going to go try these on in the dressing room.
What clothes did you find?
I'm just trying on a pair of jeans and a shirt.
Go try them on.
Alright, how do I look?
You look great in that shirt.
What do you think of these jeans?
I don't like how those look.
I really don't think they look good.
That shirt looks great though.
I guess I'm just going to buy the shirt.
That would be wise.
I need to have my computer fixed.
I think it has a virus.
Did you buy your computer from us?
Yes, I bought it from your store.
Did you get the warranty on your computer?
Yes, I got the warranty.
My computer is showing that the warranty you bought is expired.
You're going to have to pay to have your computer fixed.
How much is it going to cost?
It's going to be about $120.
I need you to fix my computer.
What problems are you having with it?
There is a virus on my computer.
Did you get your computer from our store?
I purchased my computer from your store.
Did you buy the warranty for your computer?
I did purchase the warranty.
Your warranty apparently expired two months ago.
It's going to cost you for us to fix your computer.
To fix your computer, it's going to cost you about $120.
Can you fix my computer?
I believe that it has a virus.
Where did you get your computer? From us?
Did you purchase a warranty for the computer?
I believe that I purchased the warranty.
Our records are showing that your warranty expired last month.
I don't believe it.
I'm sorry, but it is going to cost you to get your computer fixed.
How much will it cost me?
It'll run you about $120.
I really need to go shopping.
I need to look for a new bedroom set.
Where are you going to go look for one?
I have absolutely no idea.
You don't know where you want to look for one?
I'm not sure where they sell nice bedroom sets.
Do you want to know where I got mine from?
Yes, because I love yours.
I purchased mine from IKEA.
Is IKEA affordable?
Not at all, but you get what you pay for.
I have to do some shopping.
What are you going to look for?
I'm trying to buy a new bedroom set.
What store are you going to?
You don't know?
I have no idea where to find one.
Would you like me to tell you where I got mine.
I would appreciate that.
I went to get mine from IKEA.
Is the furniture at IKEA cheap?
They're not cheap, but neither is their furniture.
I'm going to have to do some shopping today.
Oh yeah? What do you need to go shopping for?
I want to find a new bedroom set.
Do you know where you're going to find your bedroom set?
I have no clue.
There's no particular place that you want to look at?
I don't know where to go to find a nice bedroom set.
I can tell you where I got mine, if you'd like.
Please do.
I bought mine from IKEA.
Are the bedroom sets at IKEA affordable?
Not really, but you're paying for quality.
Setting up a Bank Account
Great. Thanks.
I would like to open a bank account.
What kind would you like to open?
I need a checking account.
Would you also like to open a savings account?
In order to open these accounts, you need to deposit a minimum of $50.
I want to deposit $300.
I'll set up your accounts for you right now.
Make sure to put $150 in each account.
I'm well. Thank you for asking.
I need to open a bank account.
What kind of account?
I just need a checking account.
You can open a savings account, too.
All right. Open both.
You need to deposit at least $50 into both accounts.
I will be depositing $300 today.
I will set your accounts up right now.
Would you please put $150 in both accounts?
I want to open a bank account.
Do you know what kind of account you want to open?
I want to open a checking account.
You should also open a savings account.
To open these accounts, you will need to make a deposit of at least $50.
I would actually like to deposit $300 today.
Let me do that for you now.
Please put $150 in each account for me.
I just have one question.
What's your question?
How do I order checks?
You can order them right now, if you'd like.
Just fill out this application.
Give it about 5 to 7 business days, and you should receive them in the mail.
Here's my application. Thanks for your help.
I'm fantastic.
Could you answer a question for me?
I need to order checks. How do I do that?
You can do that right now, if you want to.
Let me do that now.
I'm just going to need you to fill out this application.
You will receive your checks in the mail in about a week.
I've finished my application. Thank you so much.
I have a question.
How can I order new checks?
If you want, you can order some right now.
I would like to do that right now.
First, you need to fill out this application.
Give it about a week, and you should get your checks in the mail.
I appreciate your help. Here's my application.
I would like to deposit some money.
Are you depositing cash or a check?
I want to deposit cash.
How much are you depositing?
I would like to deposit $300.
What account do you want your money in?
I want to deposit it into my checking account.
No. That's all. Thank you.
I'm fantastic!
I want to make a deposit today.
Cash or check?
It will be cash today.
How much do you want to deposit?
I need to deposit $300.
What account will you be depositing this money into?
Deposit it into my checking account.
What else can I do for you today?
That's all I need today. Thanks.
I need to make a deposit.
Will you be depositing cash or a check?
I will be depositing cash.
How much would you like to deposit?
It's going to be $300.
What account would you like to deposit that into?
Could you deposit that into my checking account, please?
Can I do anything else for you today?
That'll be all. Thank you very much.
Great. Thank you.
How much would you like to take out?
I need to withdraw $300.
Which account would you like to take the money from?
I want to take it from my checking account.
No. That'll be all.
I'm fabulous.
I need to make a withdrawal.
How much are you withdrawing today?
I need $300.
What account would you like to take this money from?
Take it from my checking account.
Here's your $300.
Will you be needing anything else?
That's it for today.
I'm fine. Thanks for asking.
What did you need?
I would like to make a withdrawal.
How much money would you like to withdraw?
I want to take out $300.
Which account are you making this withdrawal from?
I want it taken from my checking account.
All right, here is your $300.
Is there anything else that I can do for you today?
No. That's everything. Thank you.
A Check Bounces
There's a problem with my check.
What problem?
My check for $100 bounced.
Are you sure you have $100 in your checking account?
I thought I did.
I'll check for you.
It looks like you only have $57 left in your account.
That can't be right!
That's what my computer is showing.
All right. Thank you very much.
I have a problem with this check.
I wrote out a check for $100 and it bounced.
Do you have enough money in your checking account?
Give me a moment, and I'll check.
All right. Thanks.
You only have $57 left in your checking account.
That's impossible.
I'm sorry, but that's what our records show.
Okay. Thanks. Have a nice day.
Very well.
I need to make a transfer.
What account would you like to transfer the money from?
I want to transfer money from my savings account.
Where do you want the money to go to?
I want the money to be transferred into my checking account.
How much money are you going to transfer today?
$200 will be fine.
Is that all I can do for you today?
I won't be needing anything else.
How's everything with you today?
I need to transfer money.
Do you know which account you want to take the money from?
From my savings account.
Where are you transferring the money to?
I would like it transferred to my checking account.
I want to transfer $200.
Yes. That will be all.
I need to cancel one of my accounts.
Is there a problem with it?
I don't need it anymore.
What would you like to do with all the money in this account?
Just transfer it over to my remaining account.
Do you want to take any money out?
Not today.
It's going to take a moment for me to cancel your account.
That's fine. Take your time.
I would like to cancel one of my accounts.
Is there a problem with your account?
I only need one.
What about all your money in that account?
Could you please transfer that money to my remaining account?
I appreciate it.
Would you like to make a withdrawal?
That's all for today.
I'll just cancel your account right now.
I greatly appreciate your help.
I need to cancel an account.
Do you have a problem with your account?
I don't need two different accounts anymore.
What are you going to do about the money in your account?
Can I transfer it to my remaining account?
I'll do that for you.
That's lovely.
Would you like to withdraw any money?
No. That's fine.
It'll just take me a moment to cancel your account.
I would like to make a deposit.
Will that be cash or check?
I'm depositing a check.
Could you sign the back of the check, please?
All right. Here you go.
Would you like any cash back?
How much would you like?
I would like $150.
Here is your $150.
I'm making a deposit today.
I would like to deposit a check.
You need to sign the back.
Would you like cash back?
Yes, I would.
Let me get $150 back.
Thank you. Have a good one.
Please sign the back of the check.
Do you want cash back?
How much cash would you like?
I want $150.
Thank you, and have a nice day.
I'm fine.
I would like to cancel a check.
I wrote the check out for too much.
How much did you write it out for?
I wrote it out for $150.
How much was it supposed to be?
It was supposed to be for $100.
I'll cancel that check for you.
I need to cancel a check.
What's wrong with the check?
I accidentally wrote the check for too much.
How much did you write the check for?
The check was written for $150.
How much were you supposed to write it for?
I needed to write it for $100.
I can cancel it for you right now.
Using the ATM
I have to use the ATM.
I don't know how to use it.
I have never used an ATM before.
I can show you how to use it.
How do I use it?
You need to push your card into the machine.
Enter your PIN.
Every option you can choose will appear on the screen. That's about it.
I need to go to the ATM.
So, why don't you?
I have no idea how to use the ATM.
This will be my first time using an ATM.
Explain to me how to use it.
Just put your card into the machine.
Then you need to type in your PIN.
Now what?
Just click on one of the choices they give you, and that's it.
The Card Gets Declined
The total for all these items comes to $36.78.
Take my VISA.
There is something wrong with your card.
Your card was declined.
Would you like me to try another card?
I don't have another one.
What about cash?
I didn't bring cash with me today.
I'm sorry, but you can't take the items until you can buy them.
I'll come back for them tomorrow.
You owe $36.78.
Here's my VISA card.
I'm sorry, but your card isn't working.
The machine says your card was declined.
It was?
Do you have another card?
That's my only one.
Maybe you can just pay in cash?
No cash today.
I guess you won't be able to purchase these items today.
I'll come tomorrow with cash.
Do you have any other questions?
I want to know about fees.
Which fees?
Overdraft fees.
You will be required to pay a small fee for every time you overdraft.
How much is the fee?
You'll have to pay $25 every time you overdraft.
That's a small fee?
It should stop you from overdrafting.
You would think it would, but it most likely won't.
That's it for today. Thank you.
Do you have any questions?
Tell me about fees.
What fees are you referring to?
I want to know about overdraft fees.
We charge a small fee every time you overdraft.
For each time you overdraft, you have to pay $25.
That's not a small fee.
You shouldn't overdraft.
Do you need help with anything else?
That's all I needed to know. Thanks.
Very well. Thank you.
Do I have any fees to pay?
As a matter of fact, you do.
You owe $235.13.
That's unbelievable.
Will you be paying some of that off today?
I want to pay all of it off today.
How will you be paying?
I'll be paying with cash.
I'm great. Thank you for asking.
Do I owe any fees?
Could you tell me how much I owe?
You owe $235.13 in fees.
I can't believe that.
When will you be paying these fees off?
I'll pay them off right now.
I will pay with cash.
I need to know if I have any fees to pay.
Actually, you do owe some fees.
Your fees total $235.13.
That's crazy!
You need to pay these fees soon.
Can I do that right now?
Will you be paying with cash or check?
I think I'll be paying with cash.
Minimum Balance Requirements
I would like to open an account today.
You need to keep a minimum balance.
You need at least $100 in your account.
Yes. That's the minimum.
What happens if I don't meet that requirement?
You will get a fine.
It's going to be $25.
I need to open an account.
Do you know what kind you want to open?
I want a checking account.
Do you know what the minimum balance is?
You need to keep it at $100.
That's the least amount you can have.
What'll happen if I don't maintain that?
We will fine you.
How much will I be fined?
You will be fined $25.
I want to open an account.
What kind of account do you want to open?
Do you know the minimum balance you're required to keep?
You have to maintain a minimum balance of $100.
What if I can't meet that requirement?
You will be fined.
How much is the fine?
It's going to cost you $25.
I apparently owe some fees, but I never got the bank statement.
I do apologize for that.
My fees went up, but I didn't even know I had fees to pay.
I see your problem.
What are you going to do about it?
I will cancel the fees you owe.
I don't have to pay any fees?
You'll only have to pay the initial fee.
That's fine. I appreciate your help.
I have a serious problem.
Explain it to me.
I never got a bank statement for fees that I owe.
I'm sorry, but I guess we didn't send a statement out.
My fees increased, because I didn't know about my fees.
I see where that is a problem.
Can you fix it?
I will cancel the fees that you owe.
You're canceling all the fees?
You still need to pay the initial fee.
What's your problem?
I owe fees, but a bank statement never came in the mail about it.
I have no idea about the fee, so my fees went up.
I understand your problem.
Will you be able to solve my problem?
I'm going to cancel the fees you owe.
So, I don't have to pay any of it?
The initial fee still must be paid.
That's fabulous. Thank you very much.
What is your problem?
There were charges on my debit card that I never made.
Do you have a statement for your debit card?
I do.
Which charges are you talking about?
It's the last four charges.
We're going to have to do an investigation.
Is that going to take long?
I'm not sure, but in the meantime we will freeze these charges.
That's wonderful. Thank you.
What problem are you having?
There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn't make.
Do you have the statement for your card?
What are the charges you're referring to?
The last four charges on the page.
I'm afraid we're going to have to investigate these charges.
How long will an investigation take?
I honestly don't know, but we will freeze payment on these charges.
That sounds absolutely fantastic.
Someone else is making charges on my debit card.
I need to see a statement for your debit card.
Can you show me which charges you're referring to?
The last four charges.
We will need to do an investigation on this.
We'll have to freeze payment on those charges until the investigation is finished.
Opening Another Account
I need to open a second account.
What kind of account would you like to open?
I need another savings account.
Do you have another account with us?
Would you like to transfer money from that account into your new one?
How much would you like to transfer?
Transfer $100.
Give me a moment while I complete your transaction.
That's fine. Thank you.
I want to open another account.
I would like to open a savings account.
Do you already have an account with us?
I have another savings account open already.
Do you want to transfer money from that account?
I would like to do that.
I only want to transfer $100.
It'll only take me a minute to complete your transaction.
Great. Thank you very much.
I would like to open another account.
What kind do you want to open?
I want to open a savings account.
Do you have an account opened with this bank already?
You can always transfer money from that account into your new one.
How much money do you want to transfer?
I want to transfer $100.
I'll do that right now.
What do you feel like eating this morning?
I usually just have a bowl of cereal.
The most important meal of the day is breakfast.
Yeah, but I don't usually have time to eat a big breakfast.
You can always make an easy breakfast.
What do you make?
All I make is oatmeal, toast, and some orange juice.
That sounds pretty good.
I like it, and it's a fast meal.
That is a very quick meal to make.
I can make it for you if you like.
Oatmeal and toast sounds good to me.
What are you going to have for breakfast?
I just have some cereal each morning.
You're supposed to always have a hearty breakfast.
I don't always have time to make breakfast.
It's easy to make a quick breakfast.
What do you have for breakfast?
When I need to make a quick breakfast, I just make some oatmeal, toast, and OJ.
It's not time consuming at all.
It doesn't take much time to make?
Would you like me to make something?
Why don't you make me some oatmeal and toast?
What do you want to eat for breakfast?
All I usually have is some cereal for breakfast.
You know that breakfast is the most important meal of the day?
I sometimes run late in the morning, and can't make breakfast.
That's not a good excuse.
Tell me what you eat in the morning.
I just eat some oatmeal, toast, and orange juice.
That sounds like a great breakfast.
It's good, and it's easy to make.
That sounds like a very quick meal.
So, are you still going to have cereal?
I think I'm going to make myself some oatmeal and toast.
I don't know. What do you want to eat?
I was thinking of pizza.
That's what I ate yesterday.
What do you want to eat?
I wouldn't mind a burger.
I ate a burger just the other day.
We're going to have to compromise.
You could always get a burger, and I can get a pizza.
Where can we go to get both?
We can get both at the cafeteria.
What are we eating for lunch?
I have no idea. What about you?
I kind of want pizza.
I ate pizza the other day.
So, what do you feel like eating then?
How about some burgers?
I already had a burger yesterday.
We can just each get what we want to get.
That sounds like a plan.
Do you know a place that sells pizza and burgers?
I think they sell both at the cafeteria.
Do you know what you want to eat for lunch?
What do you feel like having?
I want to get some pizza.
I had pizza for lunch yesterday.
Tell me what you want to eat.
Do you want to get a burger?
See, I had a burger for lunch yesterday.
Think of something.
How about I get pizza and you get a burger?
Let's do that then.
Where do they sell both at?
They sell pizza and burgers at the cafeteria.
What are you planning on cooking?
I'm not making anything.
If you plan on eating, you are.
What am I supposed to cook?
I want some chicken and potatoes.
That sounds really good.
When are you going to make it?
I have no plans on cooking tonight.
Fine, I'll make it.
I knew that already.
Are you going to cook anything?
I didn't plan on cooking tonight.
If you're hungry, then cook something.
I don't know what to make.
I've been craving chicken and potatoes.
Are you going to cook it tonight?
I'm really not going to cook tonight.
I guess I'll cook.
Why don't you start cooking then?
Are we going to have dinner tonight?
What are you planning on making?
I'm not cooking dinner.
The only way you're eating tonight is if you cook.
I'm not sure what to cook for dinner.
I have a taste for some chicken and potatoes.
So are you planning on cooking it?
I already told you that I'm not cooking tonight.
I'll cook dinner.
I already know. Start cooking.
I'm so thirsty.
Let's go get something to drink.
Do you know what you want to drink?
I kind of want a soda.
You shouldn't drink soda when you're really thirsty.
When you're thirsty, you're not supposed to drink soda.
What are you supposed to drink?
Water is what's best for you.
I guess I will get water.
It's better for you.
I am really thirsty.
How about we go and get something to drink?
Let's do that.
Do you know what you want to get?
A soda sounds good.
Soda isn't the best thing to drink when you're thirsty.
Soda isn't good for you.
What should I drink then?
You should really drink water.
It's a lot better than soda.
My throat is really dry.
Do you want to go get something to drink?
Yes, I'm parched.
What did you want to drink?
I was thinking about getting a soda.
Do you know that soda doesn't quench your thirst?
Soda is really bad for you.
I don't know what else to drink.
You're supposed to drink water when you're dehydrated.
I would like some water.
That's what will keep you from being thirsty.
Fruit
What are you going to eat with your sandwich?
I think I'm going to eat a piece of fruit.
What kind do you like?
I really like apples and grapes.
What kind of apples do you like to eat?
I love green apples.
I don't like green apples.
Green apples are too sour for me.
So, you like red apples better?
Yes, I love red apples.
I think green apples are a lot better.
What are you going to have along with your sandwich?
I may have a piece of fruit.
What's your favorite kind of fruit?
I really only eat apples and grapes.
What is your favorite kind of apples?
Green apples are the best!
Green apples don't taste good to me.
They are way too sour for my taste.
You only like red apples?
Red apples are great.
They're not as good as green apples.
Are you going to eat anything with your sandwich?
I may get some fruit.
Really, what kind of fruit do you like?
I tend to only eat grapes and apples.
What kind of apples do you prefer?
I've always liked green apples.
I don't really like green apples that much.
I think they are too sour.
You'd rather eat a red apple?
Don't you like red apples?
They're okay, I guess.
I really feel like eating a salad.
What kind are you going to make?
I really like Caesar salads.
Caesar salads are pretty good.
What kind of salad do you want to make?
I want a salad with some chicken.
I love chicken salads.
I like my salads to have croutons, almonds, and shredded cheese.
That sounds really tasty.
You should make a salad like that.
I think that I will.
I feel like I'm craving a salad.
What kind do you want?
Caesar salads are good.
I like those too.
What kind do you plan on making?
I'd really like a salad with chicken.
Chicken salads are really good.
I always make my salads with shredded cheese, croutons, and almonds.
That sounds like a great salad.
Why don't you put it in your salad?
That sounds like a plan to me.
I really want to make a salad.
Do you know what kind of salad that you want?
I'm not sure what kind that I want.
I usually make a Caesar salad.
Those taste really good.
Which kind of salad are you going to make?
I want a chicken salad.
I enjoy chicken salads.
I like salads with croutons, almonds, and shredded cheese.
I really like how that sounds.
Why don't you make a salad like that?
I'm going to do that then.
I want something sweet after dinner.
What do you have in mind?
A dessert sounds nice.
What kind are you thinking of getting?
I want to get some pie.
What kind of pie do you want?
Do you want to know what kind of pie I like?
Sure, what kind do you like?
I love apple pie.
I love apple pie too.
There you go. Problem solved.
I have a sweet tooth.
What exactly do you want?
I would love to get some dessert.
What did you want to get?
I'd love to get a pie.
What kind do you want to get?
I can tell you what kind I like.
Apple pie is my favorite.
See, I helped you out.
I need to get some beef.
Do you know what kind of beef you want?
I want to get some ground beef.
How many pounds do you need?
I would like four pounds of ground beef.
What kind of ground beef do you need?
I would like the extra lean.
Let me go and get that for you.
I'll wrap it up for you now.
I would like to buy some beef.
I need to get ground beef.
How many pounds would you like me to get you?
I need about four pounds.
Exactly what type of ground beef do you want?
Extra lean.
I'll get that for you right now.
I'll just wrap this up for you.
Could I get some beef?
What kind of beef would you like to get?
Ground beef would be fine.
How many pounds would you like?
Four pounds is enough.
What kind of ground beef do you want?
I'm going to need extra lean ground beef.
I can get that for you.
Thanks so much.
Let me go wrap the ground beef up for you.
I'm hungry.
You already ate.
It wasn't enough, because I'm hungry again.
There's nothing left from dinner.
I'm going to get a snack.
What kind of snack are you going to make?
You can always make a sandwich.
I don't know what kind of sandwich I want.
Just make yourself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
I may just do that.
I am starving.
Didn't you just eat?
I'm still hungry.
We ate everything from dinner.
I just need a snack.
What are you going to make?
Go make a sandwich.
I'm not sure what kind I want.
Why don't you make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich?
I think I will do that.
Maybe you should.
I need to eat something.
You just ate.
I know, but I'm hungry again.
There's no food left from dinner.
I think I'm going to go make myself a snack.
Do you know what kind of snack that you want?
I'm not exactly sure.
Why don't you make yourself a sandwich or something?
I have no idea what kind of sandwich I want to make.
A PB&J is pretty easy to make.
Knock yourself out.
What do you plan on making as a side dish for dinner?
I was planning on making some kind of vegetable.
Do you know what kind?
What kind of vegetable do you want?
I wouldn't mind eating some corn.
How do you want it?
I can boil it, grill it, or microwave it.
You should throw some corn on the grill.
Is that really what you want?
I guess I can do that.
Are you going to make anything to go with dinner?
I may make a vegetable.
What vegetable are you going to make?
I like corn.
How would you like me to make it?
Excuse me?
How do you want your corn?
I'd like it grilled.
Are you sure that's how you want me to make it?
I'd love that.
That's what I'll do.
What's the side dish that you're making for dinner?
I'm not sure. I was thinking of making a vegetable.
What kind of vegetable are you thinking about making?
Do you know what kind of vegetable you want to eat?
Why don't you make some corn?
How would you like the corn?
I don't understand what you mean.
Do you want it boiled, grilled, or microwaved?
Why don't you grill it?
That's how you want it?
Yes, that sounds delicious.
Okay, I'll grill some corn then.
I really need to start eating healthier.
I have to start eating better too.
What kind of food do you usually eat?
I try my best to eat only fruits, vegetables, and chicken.
Is that really all that you eat?
That's basically it.
How do you stick to only those foods?
Actually, fruits and veggies are really good for you.
Yes, I know, but what about the chicken?
I mainly eat baked chicken, because there's not a lot of fat.
That does sound pretty good.
I know it does, and that's because it is.
Foods Available at the Cafeteria (1)
Where should we go eat today?
How about we go eat in the cafeteria?
I never bought food from the cafeteria.
You haven't? They have a lot of good stuff.
What do they have?
They sell everything.
I want Chinese food.
I've gotten chow mein from there before.
I guess we can eat there then.
Trust me, the food isn't half bad.
Let's go get something to eat.
Is there somewhere you wanted to go eat at?
We can always go to the cafeteria and eat.
I haven't eaten there before.
The food there is pretty good.
What kind of food do they serve?
You can get whatever you want at the cafeteria.
I have a taste for Chinese food.
They have really good chow mein.
Let's go to the cafeteria.
I am absolutely famished.
Yeah. I am too.
Where did you want to go for lunch?
I was thinking we should just go to the cafeteria.
I don't think I ever got food from the cafeteria.
I actually like the food there.
Does the cafeteria sell a lot of different food?
They have anything you want.
I was thinking about getting some Chinese food.
I bought some chow mein at the cafeteria. It tasted great.
We can eat at the cafeteria.
I think you'll really like the food there.
Foods Available at the Cafeteria (2)
I want to get a snack at the cafeteria.
I may just get some chips.
I'm probably going to buy something too.
What do you want to get?
I want some sort of candy.
I want some chocolate.
What kind of chocolate?
I'm going to get a Snickers or a Kit Kat.
I don't think they sell Kit Kats.
I'll just get a Snickers then.
Let's go and get something from the cafeteria.
I think I just want some chips.
I want to get a snack too.
What are you getting?
I have a taste for candy.
What kind are you going to get?
Chocolate sounds good.
I'm thinking of getting either a Snickers or a Kit Kat.
They don't sell Kit Kats at the cafeteria.
I'm just going to buy a Snickers then.
I need a snack from the cafeteria.
What are you thinking of getting?
I only want some chips.
I think I may get something too.
What do you plan on buying?
I have a sweet tooth. I want candy.
What kind of candy do you want?
I really want some chocolate.
What kind of chocolate do you want?
I either want a Snickers or a Kit Kat.
The cafeteria doesn't sell Kit Kats.
Then I guess I'll just get a Snickers.
Ordering Food at the Cafeteria (1)
What can I get for you today?
Could I get a hamburger, please?
Would you like cheese on that?
Let me have a soda.
What kind of soda would you like?
May I have a Sprite, please?
Sure, no problem.
I would also like a bag of chips.
What would you like today?
Let me get a hamburger.
Do you want cheese on it?
No cheese.
Can I get a soda, please?
I'd like a Sprite.
Would you like anything else?
I'd like a bag of Doritos with that.
I would like to have a hamburger.
Did you want it with cheese?
I don't want cheese on it.
Did you want anything to drink today?
I think I'm going to get a soda today.
What kind of soda can I get you?
A Sprite sounds good.
What else would you like?
Let me get a bag of chips too.
Ordering Food at the Cafeteria (2)
What did you get for lunch today?
All I had was a sandwich, chips, and soda.
Where'd you get your food from?
I went to the cafeteria and bought it.
What sandwich did you order?
I ordered a ham sandwich, but they gave me a bologna sandwich instead.
Was it any good?
I enjoyed it, even though I had not asked for it.
I ordered a sandwich there before.
Yes, and they messed my order up too.
That may be true, but I'm sure you enjoyed your sandwich.
Did you get anything for lunch?
I ate a sandwich with some chips and soda.
Did you go somewhere and get your food?
I bought my food from the cafeteria today.
Tell me, what kind of sandwich did you decide to get?
They gave me a bologna sandwich, but I asked for ham.
How'd it taste?
I didn't want that sandwich, but it was quite tasty.
I got a sandwich at the cafeteria before.
Is that so?
Yes, and I believe they messed up on my order also.
That may be so, but I bet your sandwich was delicious.
What are you having for lunch?
I got a sandwich, some chips, and a soda.
Did you bring that from home?
I got it from the cafeteria.
What kind of sandwich did you get?
They messed up my order and gave me a bologna sandwich.
Considering it wasn't what I ordered, it was still pretty good.
I think I got a sandwich there once before.
Yes, and they didn't get my order right either.
I really want to get something to eat.
I don't know what I want to eat.
Well, do you want burgers, Chinese food, or Mexican food?
Chinese food sounds good.
Where are you going to get it from?
I haven't the slightest idea.
I usually get my Chinese food from Panda Express.
You like Panda Express?
The food there is actually pretty good.
Maybe I'll go there then.
You should. I know you'll like it.
I think I'm going to go get some food.
I can't decide what to get.
What kind of food do you want to get?
I think I might like some Chinese food.
Do you know where you're going to get it?
I honestly don't know.
I go to Panda Express for my Chinese food.
You like the food there?
I really like the food.
I think I'll go and get my food there.
I think you'll enjoy the food.
I want to get a bite to eat.
I have no idea what I want.
You can get a burger, or some Chinese food. Or maybe you can get some Mexican food.
I wouldn't mind getting some Chinese food.
Where are you going to get your Chinese food from?
When I want Chinese food, I go to Panda Express.
Do they do a good job on the food?
The food isn't bad there.
I think I will get my food from Panda Express.
I think I'm going to go to the market today.
Do we need food?
I'm not sure what we need.
Maybe you should go and look in the refrigerator.
Could you do it for me, and write out a list of things that we need?
Just get the basics.
You know. Get some eggs, milk, and bread.
Just go and make a list for me, please.
Fine, I'll go do that for you.
I may go grocery shopping later.
We need to get food?
I don't think we have any food.
What food are we out of?
Go and look in the kitchen.
Could you look for me?
You should just get the basics.
What would that be?
Get some eggs, milk, and bread.
Would you please make a list for me?
Okay, I'll write it down for you.
I'm going to go shopping for groceries in a little bit.
Why, do we need groceries?
I believe we are all out of food.
Do you know what to get?
Why don't you go and check the refrigerator?
I would appreciate it if you would do that for me.
Why don't you just get the basics?
Eggs, milk, bread. Things like that.
Go make that list.
Buying Meat
I would like to get some meat today.
What kind do you need?
I need about a pound of ground beef.
The ground beef is $2.48 a pound.
I also need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts are $4.05 a pound.
How much will the three pounds of chicken cost altogether?
Altogether, it's going to be $12.15.
That will be all for me.
All right, let me get your meat for you.
I want to buy some meat.
I want one pound of ground beef.
That's going to be about $2.48.
What else can I get for you?
Let me also have three pounds of chicken breasts.
That's going to be $4.05 a pound.
Can you tell me the total cost of the chicken breasts?
That will be $12.15.
That's all I'm going to get today.
That's fine. Let me get your meat.
I would like to purchase some meat.
What kind of meat would you like to get today?
First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
A pound of ground beef is $2.48.
What else will you be needing?
I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
The chicken breasts cost $4.05 per pound.
What's the total price for the chicken?
It's going to be $12.15.
I think that will be all for me today.
Comparing Foods from Different Stores
Have you ever shopped at Whole Foods market?
Nope. How's the food there?
It's very good, and it's fresh too.
I do my shopping at Vons.
I shopped there before too, but the food is better at Whole Foods.
What's wrong with Vons?
Their range of organic foods is very limited.
Whole Foods has a lot of organic foods?
Yes, the food there is very healthy.
I've never been, but I may start shopping there.
The food there is a great step up from Vons.
Have you ever done your shopping at Whole Foods market?
I haven't shopped there. How is the food?
The food there is wonderful.
I go to Vons for my groceries.
I prefer the food at Whole Foods.
Is there something wrong with Vons?
Vons doesn't offer a lot of organic foods.
Do they offer organic foods at Whole Foods?
Yes, that's the place to go to get healthier food.
Maybe I'll try that store out.
If you like Vons, then I'm sure you'll love Whole Foods.
You're making me a believer.
Have you ever been shopping at Whole Foods?
No, I haven't. Is the food good there?
They have the freshest foods there.
I usually shop at Vons.
I used to shop there, but I find the food at Whole Foods to be a lot better.
What's the problem with Vons?
They don't have a lot of organic foods there.
Is there a big selection of organic foods at Whole Foods?
They have lots of healthier food at Whole Foods.
I haven't been shopping there, but maybe I'll try it sometime.
Whole Foods is way better than Vons, trust me.
I'll take your word for it.
Finding Foods in the Supermarket
I can't seem to find the cereal aisle.
You'll find the cereal by the breakfast foods.
What breakfast foods?
They're over by the oatmeal and the breakfast bars.
I think I know what you're talking about.
Could you tell me where the dishwashing detergent is?
You'll find that by the paper towels.
That's where it'll be.
If you need anything else, please feel free to ask me.
Could you tell me where the cereal is?
If you go to the breakfast aisle, you'll find the cereal there.
What aisle is that?
You'll find it by the oatmeal and breakfast bars.
I know where that is at.
Is there anything else you need help finding?
Could you point me toward the dishwashing detergent?
That's over by the paper towels and toilet paper.
That's where it is.
Thank you so much for helping me.
Let me know if you need anything else.
I need to find the cereal aisle.
The cereal is over by the breakfast foods.
Where is that at?
It's by the oatmeal and breakfast bars.
I think I can find that.
Did you need help finding anything else?
Actually, I do need to find the dishwashing detergent.
That would be over by the paper towels and toilet paper.
I thought it was over there.
Yeah, you'll find it there.
I really appreciate all your help.
I was thinking about cooking dinner tonight.
What do you want to make?
I wouldn't mind a beef bowl.
How do I make that?
All it has is rice and teriyaki beef.
That sounds easy, but how do I make it?
First, you need to make some white rice.
Then you need to shred some beef and marinate it with teriyaki sauce.
Is there anything else I need to do?
Then you cook it up and eat it.
I really want to make something for dinner.
What are you going to cook?
I haven't the slightest clue what I'm going to make.
A teriyaki bowl sounds nice.
I don't know how to make that.
All you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef.
That sounds fairly simple, but how do I cook it?
The first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice.
Then you should shred your beef and pour some teriyaki marinade over it.
What's the next thing I need to do?
Then all you need to do is cook it and enjoy.
I want to make dinner tonight.
What are you thinking of making?
I don't have any idea what to cook.
How about making a teriyaki bowl?
Can you tell me how to make it?
All it consists of is teriyaki beef and rice.
But what do I have to do to prepare it?
All you have to do is cook some white rice.
What do I do after that?
Then cut up the beef and marinate it in teriyaki sauce.
All that's left is to cook it.
Devi, have you thought about where would you like to go to dinner on Friday for your birthday?
I am not sure. I don't know that many restaurants around here.
You know, we could look online at the local Internet sites.
Good. Let's take a look!
What kind of food would you like for your birthday?
I enjoy Thai or Japanese the best.
This one, Shogun, looks good.
Oh yes, I've heard of that one. Everyone I've spoken with says that it is great!
Would you like to go there then?
I think that that would be a really good choice! Let's call and make a reservation.
Devi, do you have any preference for where you would like to go for dinner for your birthday?
I don't really know where I want to go. I am having trouble thinking of a particular restaurant.
There is a great restaurant directory here in the weekend section of the newspaper.
OK, we could look at that.
Do you have a particular type of food that you would like?
I really like Japanese or Thai food.
That Japanese restaurant, Shogun, got good reviews.
Oh yeah! I saw a review of that restaurant on television. The reviewer loved it!
Would that be a place that you might like to go to for your birthday?
That would work out great! Why don't we call and get a reservation?
Devi, do you have a favorite place that you would like to go to for your birthday dinner?
I am kind of at a loss right now to think of some place special.
I've got a great guidebook here of local restaurants.
That would be a good place to look.
What is your favorite type of restaurant food?
I like a lot of things, but Thai or Japanese would be good.
Shogun looks pretty good!
Oh, I remember that restaurant. I went there years ago. I really enjoyed it!
Would that be a good choice for your birthday dinner then?
I would enjoy going there. Let's call ahead to make sure that we can get a table for that night.
Shogun Restaurant.
Hi, I would like to make a dinner reservation.
Of course, what evening will you be joining us on?
We will need the reservation for Tuesday night.
What time would you like the reservation for?
We would prefer 7:00 or 7:30.
How many people will you need the reservation for?
There will be 4 of us.
Fine, I can seat you at 7:00 on Tuesday, if you would kindly give me your name.
Thank you. The last name is Foster.
See you at 7:00 this Tuesday, Mr. Foster.
Thank you so much. I appreciate your help.
This is Shogun Restaurant.
Hello, I need to make a dinner reservation.
Can you tell me what night you will be coming?
We will be coming to your restaurant on Tuesday night.
What time will you be dining with us?
Our first choice would be 7:00, or perhaps 7:30.
How many guests will be in your party?
Four of us will be coming.
Please just give me your name, and at 7:00 on Tuesday we will have a table for you!
Great! Our last name is Foster.
Thank you, Mr. Foster, see you this Tuesday at 7:00.
I look forward to having dinner at your restaurant. Thank you for your help.
Shogun Restaurant of Pasadena.
Hi, could you help me? I need to make a dinner reservation.
I can help you if you can just tell me what evening you like the reservation for.
Tuesday night is when we need the reservation for.
What time do you think that you would like to have dinner?
7:00 would be best, or maybe 7:30.
How many diners will be in your group?
We need a reservation for four.
I have a table for four available at 7:00, if you would just give me your name.
My last name is Foster. Thank you for the reservation.
Mr. Foster, we will be expecting you this Tuesday at 7:00.
We will be there! Thanks for the help!
Being Seated at the Restaurant
Good evening, sir, and welcome to Chez Attitude.
We have a dinner reservation for four at 7:00 under the name of Foster.
Yes, Mr. Foster, if you would please be seated over in the waiting area, our hostess will be with you in a moment.
Thank you. Would it be OK if we have a cocktail while we are waiting?
Of course, I will tell her.
I would really prefer an outside table. Would that be possible?
Sure, if you would like one of those tables, I could seat you right away.
Sure, that would be great! Thank you!
Here are your menus and the wine menu, and would you like to order your drinks now?
Yes, I would like a vodka gimlet, please.
Sure, no problem, sir.
Welcome to our restaurant, Chez Attitude!
Our reservation is under the name of Foster at 7:00 for four people.
Yes, Mr. Foster, our hostess will be with you in just a moment.
We would like to begin with a cocktail while we are waiting. Would you tell the hostess to please come and let us know when our table is ready?
I will let her know where you are.
The patio tables look really nice. Could we be seated there, please?
I could seat you right away at an outside table if you would like.
Thanks! We'll sit out there then. We will just order our drinks out there.
Can I start you off with some cocktails while you are looking over the menu?
Yes, why don't you bring us a bottle of the house Chablis with four glasses to start with?
I'll get on that right away!
We appreciate your help.
Thank you for joining us this evening at Chez Attitude.
I am Mr. Foster, and we have a 7:00 dinner reservation tonight for four people.
Welcome, Mr. Foster, if you would have a seat in the lounge area, our hostess will be ready to seat you in just a moment.
We are going to have a drink while we are waiting. Please let the hostess know that she can find us there.
She will come and let you know when your table is prepared.
Those patio tables are new, aren't they? Would it be possible to be seated out there?
An outside table is available right now if you would like to be seated immediately.
We would love to sit outside. Thanks for your help!
Here is your table, and now may I take your drink order while you are considering what to have for dinner?
Yes, could you please bring us a pitcher of margaritas and four glasses while we are figuring out our dinner order?
I'll put your drink order in and be right back to get your dinner order.
We'll be ready to order by the time you get back!
Ordering Food and Drinks
Can I start you off with anything to drink?
Yes, may I have some water, please?
Sure, would you like any appetizers today?
May I get an order of barbeque wings?
No problem, can I get you anything else?
No, thank you, that'll be all for now.
Let me know when you're ready to order your food.
I'm ready.
What can I get you?
May I have the fettuccini Alfredo?
May I get you anything to drink?
Yes, please. May I get a glass of lemonade?
Would you like an appetizer?
Sure, would you like anything else?
That'll be fine for now, thank you.
Tell me when you want to order the rest of your food.
Excuse me. I'm ready to order.
Let me have the baby-back ribs.
Sure, will there be anything else that I can get you?
That will be it for now.
Good evening, can I get you a drink?
Sure, I would like a Coke.
Would you like to order anything off the appetizer menu?
Let's see, can I get some fried zucchini, please?
Would you like to order anything else?
No, that's it, thank you.
No problem, call me when you're ready to place the rest of your order.
I would like to order my food now.
What did you want to order?
Can I get a cheeseburger and some fries?
Can I get you anything else?
That's all, thank you.
I am your waitress, Mary.
Hello, Mary. We are all pretty hungry tonight!
While you are looking over the menu, can I interest you in an appetizer?
An appetizer sounds good. Do you have a special menu?
They are listed on the first page of the menu.
The coconut shrimp looks good. Have you ever had that?
Yes, it is excellent!
Good, I'll take that then.
Would you like to split that and choose another appetizer for half price to share?
Good. In that case, we'll also take an order of onion rings. Thank you!
My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
You know, that is one of my favorites!
OK, I'll take one order of that.
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
Perfect! Please add on an order of onion rings.
My name is Mary, and I will be your server this evening.
Hi Mary. We are really looking forward to a great meal here.
Can I interest you in an appetizer to start out?
I would love an appetizer. Are they listed in the menu?
We have our daily appetizers listed on the board over there on the wall.
I am thinking about the popcorn shrimp. How is that?
That would be a great choice!
I'll trust your taste and take one order of that.
We have a special where you can order a second appetizer for half price.
In that case, we'll take an order of onion rings with our first choice.
Have you had enough time to look over the menu?
Yes, we are almost ready to order.
Let me remind you of the specials of the day, which are posted on the board.
Oh, that all sounds so good! Can we get the sauce on the side?
Yes, we would be happy to prepare the food to meet your special needs.
I was wondering if you have any vegetarian choices.
Yes, the roasted vegetable salad is good, and the portabella mushroom burger is also a good choice.
I think that I would like to order the broccoli noodles, please.
That is an excellent choice, and I could bring you your salads now or bring them with your dinner.
Please bring our salads to us now. We are hungry!
I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.
Would you like to order now?
This all looks good! I think we know what we want.
Please let me point out the chef's special, which is blackened catfish.
I am dieting, so could the chef prepare the food with no extra sauce?
We are always happy to adjust our cooking to meet your needs.
Could you tell me if there are any entrees that are vegetarian?
The cashew broccoli noodles or the cheese and veggie enchiladas would be an excellent choice.
I am going to go with the grilled shrimp with garlic sauce. I would like the garlic sauce on the side.
Would you like your salad brought to you with your entrée, or would you like it served now?
You can serve our salads with our dinner.
While you are thinking about what you might like to order for dinner, would you like to order your drinks?
Can you tell me where your wine list is?
The wine list is posted right there on the board.
Can we order a mixed drink in this restaurant?
Yes, we have a wide selection of mixed drinks available from our bar.
Do you have any house specials that you could recommend?
Our most popular drinks are our Cuervo Gold margaritas.
That sounds like a good choice for me. May I have one, please?
Can I bring that to you on the rocks, or would you like it blended?
Please bring it to me on the rocks.
Salt or no salt?
I would like it with no salt, please.
Can I take your drink order?
Where is your wine list?
The wine choices are posted on the little menu in the middle of the table.
Do you have any mixed drinks available here?
We can make a number of mixed drinks at our bar.
I heard that you are famous for your drinks. What are your specials?
Our house special is our Cuervo Gold margarita.
I would love a margarita right now! That is what I am going to order.
Can I prepare your drink on the rocks, or would you prefer it blended?
I prefer my margarita on the rocks, please.
Do you like your margarita with salt or no salt?
No salt, please.
Did you enjoy your meal?
Yes, we really enjoyed it.
May I interest you in some dessert?
Yes, that sounds great.
We have chocolate mousse cake, and a spicy rum apple crisp for our specials.
The apple crisp sounds great.
Since there are four of you, would you like to split a second dessert?
Good suggestion. Could you please bring us a chocolate mousse cake and four dessert forks, please?
Would you like coffee or tea with your dessert?
Let's have four coffees, please.
OK. I will be right back with your desserts and drinks.
Thank you! We have really enjoyed our meal here.
So how was your meal?
Our meal was wonderful!
Would you like to finish your evening with us with some dessert?
I am full, but maybe we could split a few desserts.
Tonight's dessert specials include chocolate mousse cake, and a spicy rum apple crisp.
I would love the apple crisp.
That is a good choice, but would you like to split a second dessert for the four of you?
Add in a chocolate mousse cake and we're good. We will also need four dessert forks, please.
Can I bring you some coffee or tea with your dessert?
We would like two coffees and two teas.
I will put your dessert order in and be right back with your drinks.
Thanks, and may we have our check when you come back? We have theater tickets and need to leave soon.
Did your meal meet with your approval?
Our meal was absolutely perfect!
How about a dessert to top off that wonderful meal?
Dessert sounds perfect, but I would like to split something with my friends.
On this evening's dessert list, we have chocolate mousse cake, and a spicy rum apple crisp.
I think that the apple crisp would be wonderful.
One dessert will serve two, so would you like to split a second one?
We would also like a piece of chocolate mousse cake. Could you bring us four dessert forks, please?
How about some coffee and tea with your dessert?
We are all tea drinkers. Please bring us four teas.
I will prepare your desserts and have someone bring you your drinks right away.
The hot drinks first would be great. Thanks!
A Mistake by the Waitress
Here is your breakfast!
Thanks so much. Miss, I believe I ordered my eggs scrambled, and these are fried.
Sorry, your friend over there ordered fried eggs, and I gave you his by mistake.
Oh yeah. Here, I will just trade with him.
Here are your pancakes, sir.
But I ordered waffles!
I am so sorry!
That's OK. I will eat my eggs and bacon, and you can take my pancakes back.
Good, sir. I will take care of that right away.
I believe you ordered the Grand Slam breakfast.
Oh, good! You know, I am looking at my plate and I ordered scrambled eggs, not fried.
I just noticed that I accidentally brought you your friend's breakfast.
I can just trade with him, thank you.
And pancakes for you, sir.
I am sorry, but I think I ordered waffles.
I am sorry that I misheard you.
Just please take my pancakes to trade for waffles. While I am waiting, I will eat my bacon and eggs.
I will get straight back to you with your waffles.
One Grand Slam breakfast for you!
Thanks. You know, I just noticed that these eggs are fried, and I ordered scrambled.
Thank you for pointing that out. I mistakenly gave you your friend's breakfast.
Not a problem. I can just trade my plate with his.
A special order of banana pancakes for you!
Pancakes? I don't like pancakes. I ordered waffles.
I am so sorry, sir!
I can eat my bacon and eggs while you are exchanging my pancakes for waffles.
I will go trade those pancakes for waffles right now.
That would take care of it, thank you.
This is a great meal!
Thank you. I am glad that everything turned out so well.
Who taught you how to cook this well?
I took a cooking class at the Culinary Institute.
Wow, what is in this chicken dish?
Isn't that great? That is coconut ginger chicken with rice.
Is the soup a shrimp soup?
Yes, there is shrimp in there along with sea vegetables and lemon grass.
I think I got lucky in choosing a wine that blends with this meal.
I appreciate you bringing the wine. It goes well with the chicken.
I really love this meal.
Thanks. I was hoping that you would all enjoy this meal.
Where did you learn to cook these amazing dishes?
I got a really wonderful cookbook for my birthday and decided to try out a few of the recipes.
The chicken is out of this world!
I love that dish as well. It is coconut chicken with rice.
I was wondering if there was shrimp in the soup.
Yes, that soup has a shrimp base. I also added sea vegetables and lemon grass.
It worked out well that the wine that I brought to share seems to blend well with this meal.
I love this wine! It goes very well with the chicken.
George, how is your chicken?
My chicken tastes all right, but it is pretty dry. How is your fish?
My fish is pretty dry too.
It's almost as if this food has been sitting a little too long. It doesn't seem fresh.
Yes, it seems that way to me also.
How are your vegetables?
My vegetables are very soggy.
Mine are the same way. It seems like they've been overcooked.
I don't usually complain, but I think that we should mention this to the waiter.
I agree. Maybe they can bring us some better food.
George, is your chicken OK?
It tastes great, but it is really dry. Is your fish all right?
My fish is very dry.
I wonder if they left it sitting around too long before they served it.
That's exactly what I was thinking had happened.
Are your vegetables OK?
The vegetables are kind of mushy.
So are mine. I think they left them cooking too long.
The food here is usually good, so I think that we should tell the waiter that there is a problem.
I think that you are right. Maybe they can give us a free dessert or something.
Does your chicken taste all right?
The chicken tastes wonderful, but it is kind of dry. Is your fish OK?
My fish has good seasoning but is a little dry.
It seems as if they got busy and left it sitting before it got to us.
Yes, maybe they are short-handed in the kitchen tonight.
Are your vegetables a little mushy?
The vegetables seem to not be very fresh.
Mine aren't so good, either.
I usually enjoy the meals here, so I think that we should tell the waiter that there is something wrong with this meal.
I think that we should let someone know. They will probably want to fix the problem.
Do you want some dessert?
No thanks. We just need our check. Have you seen the waitress?
Here comes our waitress with our check.
The service here has been really great, don't you think?
Yes, the service was quite good.
So, let's look at the check. The total is $36.00.
How much do you think we should leave for a tip?
Usually people leave 15 percent, but this was exceptional service. I am thinking that maybe 20 percent would be appropriate.
I agree that 20 percent would be just about right.
OK, so that will bring her tip to $7.20. Add it to the $36.00 and the total is $43.20.
Yes, what a nice dinner that was!
We'll have to make sure to come back here again real soon.
Would you like some more coffee?
No thanks. I'm full. We need to find our waitress and get our bill.
The waitress is bringing the bill right now.
This waitress has really been on top of things, hasn't she?
Yes, this waitress did a great job.
OK, let's see what the damage is. The total for our meal is $36.00.
What do you think would be the right amount to leave for a tip?
Fifteen percent is a normal tip, but she really did a great job. What do you think about 20 percent this time?
Yes, 20 percent would be perfect.
Her tip will end up being $7.20 plus the bill of $36.00. The total will be $43.20.
Yes, that was one fantastic meal!
I agree. Maybe we can come back again next week.
No, I'm good. All we need now is our check.
The waitress is walking over here with our check even as we speak.
I have never had bad service at this restaurant, but this time was really exceptional.
Yes, she really went out of her way to make this a pleasant dining experience.
Let's take a look at our bill. The total price for our dinner is $36.00.
How much money should we leave for a tip?
I know that 15 percent is a normal tip, but I really thought that this waitress went out of her way for us. What do you think about tippingher 20 percent?
She definitely deserves 20 percent for a tip.
So we can add her tip of $7.20 to the bill of $36.00 and the total will be $43.20.
Yes, what a wonderful meal!
It absolutely was a great meal. We'll have to return here for lunch sometime.
Where is our waitress anyway?
Yes, the service hasn't been the best. Is that our waitress over there?
I'll walk over and get the bill, since I don't think the waitress is coming over here any time soon.
Good idea. Just bring it back and we'll figure it out together.
So the bill is $36.00.
My first inclination is to leave nothing for a tip.
I agree, but we don't really know the whole story. There may have been problems in the kitchen beyond her control.
Let's leave 10%, so that we at least leave something for the service.
I agree. We will leave $3.60 for the tip.
Good luck finding the waitress!
The service this evening has kind of sucked. Is that our server over there?
I'll go get the check, since our server doesn't seem to be headed this way.
Good. I'll just stay here until you get back.
So the total is $36.00 for our dinner.
How much of a tip do you think our waitress deserves?
I wonder if no tip would be appropriate in light of the service.
I kind of feel the same way, but they may have just been really short-staffed tonight.
I think that we should leave 10%.
$3.60 will be the right amount for the tip.
Our waitress has been kind of scarce tonight, hasn't she?
I think that is our waitress over by the bar. Boy, the service has not been good this evening.
She doesn't appear to be headed this way, so I will go get the check.
Good. Just bring it back and we'll total it together.
Our total for dinner is $36.00.
What do you think would be the right amount to tip?
I kind of don't want to leave any tip for the lousy service we received.
I agree that it was bad service, but I heard one of the other waiters mentioning that it was our server's first night on the job.
I believe that 10% is just about right.
I think that a tip of $3.60 will be the right amount to leave.
Talking Positively About the Restaurant
So, how did you like the restaurant?
I thought that it was very good.
I felt the food was excellent.
What did you like the best?
I liked the fish the best.
I liked the fish also, but I really enjoyed the dessert the most.
Yes, the macadamia cakes were wonderful.
Wasn't the service top-notch?
Yes, the waiter was very attentive.
I hope to be able to come back to this restaurant soon.
Did you like the restaurant?
It was pretty good.
The food was wonderful.
What was your favorite dish?
The fish was my favorite.
Yes, the fish was great, but the dessert was awesome.
I agree that the macadamia cake was awesome.
Didn't you think that the service was the best?
Yes, our waiter really went out of the way for us.
I would like to return to this restaurant soon.
How do you feel about this restaurant?
I really liked it!
I really enjoyed the food.
What did you enjoy the most?
I enjoyed the fish the most.
The fish was pretty special, but I loved the dessert.
The macadamia cake was out-of-this-world!
I really felt that the service was exceptionally good.
Yes, the service really added to the experience.
I am looking forward to returning to this restaurant.
Talking Negatively about the Restaurant
So how did you like the restaurant?
Actually, it could have been better.
What didn't you like about it?
It is a new restaurant. I don't think they have their act together yet.
What did you think about the food?
I felt that the food was pretty mediocre.
The service wasn't that great, either.
I agree. The service was not good.
Do you think that you want to try this restaurant another time?
No, I think that I've had enough of this restaurant.
Did you enjoy the restaurant?
I didn't really like it all that much.
What do you think the problem was?
Well, they are pretty new. I just didn't feel that they were ready to open yet.
How did you feel about the food?
The food wasn't all that exciting.
I didn't think that the service was good, either.
Yes, the service certainly didn't add to the experience.
Would you like to return to this restaurant?
Maybe we could try it again in a few months when things have settled down.
How do you feel about that restaurant?
It wasn't all that great.
What did you dislike the most?
I don't think that they had their act together. They didn't seem well prepared.
Did you think that the food was any good?
I wasn't all that impressed by the food.
The service certainly could have been better.
The service did not help the situation.
Is this a restaurant that you want to come back to?
I am not really interested in trying this restaurant again.
Ordering Fast Food
Welcome, what would you like to order?
I would like to get a double cheeseburger.
Would you like everything on it?
I would like everything on it, thank you.
Do you want any fries?
Let me get some large curly fries.
Can I get you anything to drink?
Sure, how about a medium Pepsi?
Is that everything?
That'll be all. Thanks.
You're welcome, and your total is $5.48.
Thank you. Here you go.
What can I get for you?
Hello, may I have a double cheeseburger?
With everything on it?
Did you want fries with your order?
May I get a large order of curly fries?
Did you want something to drink?
Get me a medium Pepsi.
No, thank you. That's it.
No problem, that'll be $5.48.
Thanks a lot. Keep the change.
A double cheeseburger sounds good.
Everything on it?
Would you like fries with that?
I would love large curly fries.
Yes, let me have a medium Pepsi.
Yeah, that's it. Thank you.
Your total comes to $5.48.
Here you go. Thank you very much.
Asking a Friend About Car Insurance
What kind of car insurance do you have?
I went with the Automobile Club.
Why did you choose that company?
I looked at the price of the type of insurance that I wanted.
What should I think about in choosing services?
There are websites that will figure out what coverage is right for you.
What did you end up buying?
Well, my car is very old, so I didn't worry so much about what it would cost to repair it. I did buy a lot of coverage for fixing someone else's car.
Have you ever had to use your insurance?
I never had to use my insurance.
When you insured your car, what kind did you buy?
I decided to buy from GEICO.
What influenced your choice of companies?
I looked at the customer satisfaction rating of the company.
How did you figure out what services to buy?
Every individual has different considerations. Your agent can help you understand what you need to think about.
What did you place an emphasis on when you bought your insurance?
I carry a lot of liability insurance because I own a house and need to protect it from a lawsuit.
Did you ever get into an accident and need your insurance?
I was in an accident and was happy that I had good insurance to cover it.
What car insurance company did you decide to go with when you bought your new car?
State Farm seemed like the best deal for me.
How did you make that decision?
I compared rates and services available.
Where can I get help in figuring out what I need to purchase for coverage?
You can pick up a pamphlet at your insurance company that will explain the options to you.
What did you decide to cover yourself for?
I pretty much carry the average amount in all categories as the agent recommended.
How many times have you actually used your insurance?
I was in an accident, but it was the other person's fault and their insurance covered it.
I am interested in buying auto insurance.
Sure, I can help you. Did you bring all of your registration papers?
Yes, I brought everything with me.
Is your car with you?
Yes, it is out in the parking lot.
Wonderful. Let's go out and check to see what shape it is in.
OK, can you help me figure out what I should insure my car for?
I will look it up on the Blue Book list and we will factor in its condition.
What else do I need to consider?
Yes, you need to figure in liability for damage to the other car as well as injury issues as well.
Good morning, I need to buy car insurance for the used car I just bought.
Yes, no problem. Do you have your registration and Certificate of Ownership with you?
Yes, it is all right here.
Did you drive your car here?
Yes, it is out in the back.
That's great. We'll go out and check the condition of your car.
I understand, what should I insure my car for?
There is a Blue Book price for your car and we will use that price.
What other things do I need to insure for?
We will factor in damage to the other car as well as property damage and injury.
I just bought a used car and need to insure it.
We can take care of that right now. Do you have all of your paperwork with you?
Yes, I took care of all of that and have the papers with me.
Did you bring your car with you?
Yes, it is parked on the street.
Fine, I need to go out with you to check your car for wear and tear.
Fine, how will I know how much I should insure my car for?
After looking at your car, I will use the Blue Book price and we will consider the condition of the car.
Are there other considerations when I insure my car?
We always need to think about property damage, damage to other vehicles, and injury.
Deciding to Buy the Car
I really like that car and I am thinking of buying it.
Yes, I agree. Do you want to take it to a mechanic to have it checked out?
I already took care of that yesterday.
That's good. Have you discussed the price with the seller?
Yes, I think we've agreed upon a fair price.
Have you set up your financing to pay for this car?
Yes, my parents are going to loan me the money.
That's good. Would you like me to go talk to the seller with you and drive your car home?
That would be a great help!
Glad to be of help. I can't wait to see your new car!
I think that that car drove really well and is a good deal.
It seems to be a good choice for you. You might want to have a mechanic take a look at it just to be sure.
My friend is a mechanic and he came and looked at it for me this morning.
That was smart of you to think ahead. Have you and the seller agreed upon a price?
Yes, he is willing to accept the price that I offered him.
Have you thought about how to pay for your car?
I saved up enough money to pay cash for this car.
You've really thought this through. Let me go with you to make the payment and drive your car home for you.
That would make it a lot easier for me.
Let's go take care of that right now. I really want to see your new car!
Thank you for letting me test drive the car.
So do you think that you would like to purchase this car?
You know, I am not interested in purchasing the car right now.
What's the problem? We can at least sit down and maybe work out a deal.
Actually, I have several other cars to look at before I make my decision.
What didn't you like about the car? Maybe I can fix something for you.
It is a combination of things, but I appreciate your time.
I have some other cars you might want to look at.
Again, I appreciate your time but I will not be purchasing this car.
Give me a call if you change your mind. Have a good day.
I appreciate you letting me take the car out for a spin.
Why don't you come over here and we can work out the details of the purchase?
I don't think that this is the car for me at this point in time.
It's a great deal. Let's talk price. Maybe you'll change your mind.
This is only the first car that I've looked at.
Is there something in particular that didn't look good to you?
It isn't one thing in particular, but I think I can do better for my money.
I really think that you should reconsider.
Thank you again for your time.
B: Thank you for stopping by. Good luck in your search for a car.
I enjoyed taking the car out for a test drive.
Isn't that a great car? Let's work out the details of purchase.
I will not be purchasing the car today.
Why don't you take a second look at that car? You'll see that it is as good a deal as you are going to get.
I need to compare this car to others to make an informed choice.
You said on the phone that this is the kind of car you wanted. What has changed your mind?
I just really need to make sure that I get the best car for my money.
You know, you can look around but I just don't think that you are going to get a better deal for your money.
I will continue looking around for cars and will get back to you if I change my mind.
OK, then. Have a good day.
I was thinking about buying this used car, and was wondering if you would take a look at it for me to see if it has any problems.
Sure, pull up over there and we'll take a look.
I just wasn't sure what to look for.
The first thing you do is look for any signs of wear both inside and out. We will also look at the body for signs of major repair.
Someone told me that I could go online and see if the car is listed as having been in a major accident.
Yes, that's right. Next, we will turn on the engine and I will check under the hood to look at the hoses and belts.
Should we take the car for a drive?
Yes, but before we pull away, let's check to make sure that the radio, turn signals, lights, and seats all work properly.
As I am driving what should I be checking?
You want to make sure that the brakes don't pull to one side and that the car has good alignment and acceleration.
You are welcome. Enjoy driving your car!
Could you take a few minutes and see if there are any problems with this used car that I am thinking of buying?
I am happy to help. Just pull up and we'll give it a good look.
I don't know much about cars.
We need to look inside and outside for signs of an accident or major damage. Also, we need to look for wear on the tires.
If I go online I can also check to see if the car has been involved in a major accident.
Yes, you can check the history of the car online. Next, we need to turn on the engine and take a look at the belts and hoses.
Will you take a drive with me to check handling?
A test drive would be good. But first let's make sure that the turn signals, radio, lights, and seats work properly.
On a test drive, what should I look for?
We are checking for solid braking and good overall handling.
I appreciate you helping me figure out what to look for.
My pleasure. This seems to be a solid car and a good choice for you.
I want to buy this used car, but I need help figuring out if there are any problems with it.
I can help you with that. Drive the car over by the garage and we'll check it out.
I know some things to look for, but I know there are other special things to look for.
Always start with looking for signs of major damage that may have been repaired and also check tire wear.
If the car has been in a major accident, that should have been recorded online.
Right. All major accidents should have been recorded. Next start the car up, pop the hood, and we'll take a look at the belts and hoses.
I would like for you to take a test drive with me.
We'll do that in a minute, but first we should check that the radio, turn signals, and all of the lights work properly.
As we drive, what am I checking for?
You want to make sure that the alignment is good, that the engine accelerates smoothly, and that the car can safely brake to a stop.
I like knowing what to look for when buying a used car and appreciate the help.
This car is in good shape and should give you no major problems. Enjoy it!
I am buying a used car and don't know much about financing it.
I can help you. Do you have a down payment?
Yes, I have saved up three thousand dollars for a down payment.
Good, because you will not be able to get a loan without putting some money down on the car.
I don't know where exactly to get a loan.
Other than friends or family, you can go to a bank, credit union, or use the dealer financing if you bought the car off a car lot.
What is the best choice for financing?
It depends. The worst financing deal is usually at the dealer, but they will oftentimes give you a loan when a bank turns you down.
What do I need to have with me when I apply for the loan?
You will need a recent pay stub and a copy of the pink slip for the car. Before the loan is complete, you will need to show proof of insurance. Good luck!
Can you help me learn about financing options for a used car?
I would love to help you with what I know. I am assuming that you have a down payment.
Yes, I already borrowed some money from my parents for the down payment.
That will work. A bank or finance company will not loan you money without a down payment.
I am not sure who will loan money to me.
You can apply for a loan at a bank, credit union, or approach the used car dealer who sold you the car. You might also try family and friends.
Who offers the best interest rate?
A credit union will usually give you the best interest rate, but the dealer will almost always give you some type of loan.
Do I need any documents when I apply for a car loan?
Be sure that you take a recent pay stub and a copy of the pink slip. You will have a few days to produce proof of insurance. Enjoy your new car!
I need help figuring out how to pay for a used car that I am thinking of buying.
I would be happy to help you. Have you saved up a down payment?
I will be getting money from selling my old car.
You really need that money so that a bank or finance company will loan you the rest of the money that you need.
Who gives loans out to people wanting to buy cars?
Usually people go to a bank, credit union, or, if they bought the car at a car lot, they might use the dealer finance company.
What is the best place to get financing?
The dealer will charge you a higher interest rate, but sometimes they are your only choice if you are just starting out.
Will I need some documentation when I apply for the loan?
Just make sure that you bring them your last pay stub and a copy of the pink slip. You can then work on getting insured. Enjoy your new car!
Making an Appointment with the DMV
I need to go to the DMV and don't know how to make an appointment with them.
First of all you need to figure out if you really need to be there in person. Sometimes you can take care of your business at the Automobile Club or at the DMV website.
If I do need to go in, how can I make an appointment?
You can either make an appointment by going online or by calling the phone number listed on their website.
What if I just show up there?
If you have all day to wait and a good book to read, that might work for you.
Is the DMV open on Saturdays?
Due to state budget cuts, the DMV is no longer open on Saturdays.
I think that you have just convinced me to join the Automobile Club!
Yes, the Automobile Club takes all the pain out of DMV transactions!
How can I make an appointment at the DMV?
You could check the DMV website or see if the Automobile Club could help you. Many things can be taken care of without actually going in to the DMV in person.
How do I make an appointment if I have to actually go in?
You have two choices. You can call them at the number listed on their website or you can contact them online.
Can I just walk in and get help?
Without an appointment, you will be waiting for many hours. I would not advise it.
Can I take care of this on a Saturday?
Unfortunately, the DMV is no longer open on Saturdays.
It probably would be easier for me to join the Automobile Club.
The Automobile Club has many benefits, and taking care of your DMV transactions is one of the best benefits.
Can you help me figure out how to make an appointment with the DMV?
I would try to avoid going in to the DMV in person. If you are a member of the Automobile Club, they oftentimes can take care of things for you or you can try the DMV website.
It would be nice not to have to go in but if I have to, how do I make an appointment?
The easiest way to contact them is online, but they also have a phone number listed on the website if you prefer to call them on the phone.
What do they do if you just show up with no appointment?
That is not a good way to go. You could be left waiting for many hours and there is no guarantee that they will see you at all!
What about going to the DMV on Saturday?
For a while the DMV was open on Saturday, but not anymore.
I think that the Automobile Club idea was a good suggestion.
You should check out the Automobile Club. I think you would enjoy being a member.
NEGOTIATING A PRICE WITH A STUDENT
This car is exactly what I want!
I am glad that you like it. I've had good experiences with this car.
So, how much do you want for the car?
Well, the price in the paper was five thousand dollars.
Yes, I know, but I think that might be a little high for this car.
I might be able to come down a little on the price.
How about selling the car for four thousand?
No, that's way less than I could accept. However, I could accept forty-five hundred.
That sounds fair to me.
It's a deal then. Thank you!
I really love this car!
Great! I was hoping that it would go to a driver who appreciates it.
How much are you willing to take for the car?
As I am sure you noticed, the price on the window is five thousand dollars.
Don't you think you could come down a bit on the price?
You seem like a nice person. Maybe I could lower the price a bit.
Would you sell it to me for four thousand?
I am thinking more in the line of four thousand five hundred.
I'll take it then!
Perfect! That works for both of us.
I am definitely interested in buying this car.
Wonderful! It's good to find a person who really needs this car.
What is the price for this car?
The price I listed on eBay was five thousand dollars.
I was thinking that maybe you might be willing to lower the price a bit.
You know I just got a good deal on my new car. I think I can afford to knock a little off of this car.
I was thinking that four thousand would be a good price.
I couldn't go that low, but I could sell it for forty-five hundred.
That would work well for me.
It's done then. I've enjoyed doing business with you.
How much does this car cost?
Well, come on in and we'll sit down and discuss that right now. How much do you want to pay?
I really was just wondering what the price is.
Well, figuring in tax, license, dealer prep, and registration, I can let this car go for fifteen thousand dollars.
I was thinking a little lower than that.
Whoa! Let's keep talking here. I am sure we can work something out. What price are you thinking is fair?
I was thinking more like thirteen thousand dollars.
You know, you look like you are a sweet kid. I'll give it to you for fourteen thousand dollars.
That would be a good price if the car was in great shape, but it is registered as having been in an accident.
OK, thirteen thousand seven hundred and fifty, and that's my final offer.
If I want to buy this car, what will it cost me?
Let me get my contract out, and we'll figure that out for you right now.
Can't you just tell me what it costs?
You know, I am prepared to offer you a great deal today on that car. With tax, license, registration, and dealer prep, the total will be fifteen thousand dollars.
Fine, I'll come back later with my father, who is a lawyer, and we can talk then.
I am sure that we can work something out. What price were you thinking would be a good deal for you?
Thirteen thousand would be more like it.
Fourteen thousand for this car is a good price. For that I am practically giving it away.
Normally that would be a good price, but that car has been in an accident.
Yes, I see your point. Thirteen thousand seven hundred and fifty is my final offer.
How much money for this car?
Yes, that car is beautiful, isn't it? Come on inside and we'll discuss the price.
I just want to know the price.
Fifteen thousand out the door! What a deal! That will, of course, include tax, license, registration, and dealer prep.
I appreciate your help, and I'll see you later.
Oh, you look like a smart person. What price would be fair to you?
I think that thirteen thousand would be fair for this car.
I can see that you are a smart buyer. Fourteen thousand is my best price.
If the car hadn't been in an accident, that would be a good price, but it has a few minor problems.
Thirteen thousand seven hundred and fifty is my final offer.
I really love the look of this car.
Would you like to test drive this car?
Yes, I would love to take it for a drive.
I'll go get the keys, and you can get out your Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.
Here's my Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.
Well, just sign this card, and we'll be on our way. Don't forget to buckle your seatbelt!
Can I take it on the freeway to check for acceleration?
That would be fine; just don't exceed the speed limit!
This car handles great, and I love it!
I am glad that you like this car.
The styling of this car really appeals to me.
Would you like to take this car for a spin?
That would be a great idea.
Fine, all I'll need from you is your Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.
I've got my Driver's License and Proof of Insurance ready.
OK, after you sign this card, we'll take a spin. Make sure you buckle your seatbelt!
I would like to go on the freeway to test it for speed.
As long as you don't exceed the speed limit, that would be fine.
Whoa, this car has wonderful pickup!
Yes, this is a very popular car.
Wow, what a cool car!
How about taking this car out for a drive to see if you like how it handles?
I would enjoy seeing how it handles.
While I'm getting the keys, you just need to take out your Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.
I found my Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.
Great! Sign this card, buckle your seatbelt, and we'll hit the road.
I want to take the car up to freeway speed.
Take a left at the next signal to enter the freeway. Just keep it under the speed limit!
This car has a nice smooth ride, even on the freeway.
You know, I've driven it myself, and I agree with you.
Now I've decided to buy this car, how do I transfer the title to myself?
Actually, your best bet is to contact the Automobile Club or to go to the DMV website.
Basically, what will I need to do?
Both buyer and seller need to transfer the ownership by filling out a Change of Ownership form and signing over the Certificate of Title, which will be either pink or rainbow.
Will I have to pay any fees?
All of the transfer fees are the responsibility of the buyer.
How much will it cost to transfer the title?
The DMV has a special formula that they use to calculate the fees. They will figure it out for you.
Do I need a Smog Certificate?
No, only if your car was manufactured before 1975.
Where do I take my forms?
You can take them to the DMV. You have ten days to complete the process.
I don't really know all that much about the paperwork involved in buying a used car.
If you are a member of the Automobile Club, they can help guide you through the process, or just go to the DMV website.
What is the big picture of what I will need to take care of?
The car has a pink or rainbow Certificate of Title, which both the buyer and seller need to sign. They also both need to fill out theChange of Ownership form.
Who pays the fees to transfer the ownership?
The buyer must pay all of the fees.
Will it be really expensive to transfer the title?
The DMV will calculate the fees for you when you submit the paperwork.
What about a Smog Certificate?
No, your car was built after 1974, so you will be fine.
Where can I turn in my forms?
If you are a member of the Automobile Club, you can turn in your forms to them.
Can you help me figure out how to transfer the title of the car I wish to buy so it will be registered in my name?
You can go to the DMV website for information or, if you are a member of the Automobile Calub, they can be very helpful.
Can you just fill me in on what needs to be done?
When you both fill out and sign a Change of Ownership form and sign the Certificate of Title, the ownership will be transferred.
Are there any fees involved?
As the buyer, you are responsible for all of the fees.
How much money will I have to pay to transfer the title?
The only way to calculate the fee is to turn your paperwork in to the DMV, and they will figure it out for you.
Do I need to take the car in for a Smog Certificate?
No, your car is a newer model, so you won't need one.
Whom do I give my forms to when they are completed?
Check online for special situations, but usually you can mail your forms in to the DMV.
Where is the best place to buy a used car?
I have always purchased my used cars from an advertisement in the paper, but actually you have many options.
Where else could I look for a car?
You could look on the Internet. Craigslist is best, as most of the cars listed there are sold locally.
What would be best if I wanted to actually go see a lot of used cars that are for sale?
The best place is CarMax, which is a very large used car lot.
Where is CarMax?
There are many of them. You can look on the Internet or in the phone book for the one closest to you.
How about the listings on the college bulletin board?
Actually, that is not a bad way to go, especially near the end of a semester as students are moving away.
Can you help me figure out the best place to buy a used car?
There are a lot of different ways to go. I bought my last one from an advertisement in the paper.
What are my other options for looking for a used car?
Internet listings are good. Craigslist is pretty good because most of the cars are sold locally.
I think that I might actually like to see many used cars together so I can compare them.
The biggest used car lot is CarMax. I would check that place out.
How can I find out where CarMax is?
Look in the phone book or on the Internet for the one closest to you. There are a lot of them.
Have you ever seen the listings on the school bulletin board?
The school bulletin board can have some great deals, as many students sell their cars before they return home or as they get better paying jobs.
Where did you buy your last used car?
I found my last one in an advertisement in the newspaper, but there are a lot of other places to look for used cars.
Besides an advertisement, what else could I do to find a used car?
My friend bought his used car off of Craigslist. It works out better than eBay because the cars listed are located close by.
Is there anywhere I can go to see many used cars all in the same place?
Go to CarMax if you want to see the largest selection of used cars in one place.
I don't know where CarMax is.
CarMax has many car lots in many cities. For the one closest to you, check out the Internet or phone book.
Have you ever known anyone who bought a car off a listing on the university bulletin board?
B: You can get a good deal there. Especially at the end of the year, when students are selling things and returning home.
At the Window of the DMV
Could you tell me what window I should go to?
Do you have an appointment?
Yes, I have an appointment.
The DMV windows are set up for different tasks. What are you here to do?
I need to transfer ownership of a used car.
I can see that you have all of your forms filled out. Drop the forms in that box, and I will call you when your name comes up.
You are welcome. May I see your current Driver's License?
Here is my license, it is not a very good picture of me!
That's a pretty good picture. Just pay the fee over at the last window and you're done!
This is my first time at the DMV, and I don't know what window to go to.
It depends on what you are doing. Did you make an appointment?
I made an appointment last month.
All of the windows are for specific services. What do you need to do today?
I just bought a used car and need to transfer the ownership.
If you just put all of your filled-out forms in the drop box, your name will be called when it comes up.
Thank you, that helps me know what to do.
My pleasure. The only other thing I need is your current Driver's License.
Here is my license, it is a very old picture of me!
You look good in that picture. Take this over to the last window to pay your fee, and you've finished registering your car.
Could you help direct me to the proper window?
There are different windows for different things. Did you make an appointment on the Internet?
I made my appointment over the Internet.
Different windows will be able to help you with different problems. What do you need help with?
I need help transferring the ownership of a new car from my friend to myself.
The signed forms go in the box, and I will call your name in a few minutes.
Thank you for making it seem less confusing.
If you would give me your current Driver's License, I will be able to complete the transfer process.
Here is my license, I never really liked that picture!
That is a great picture! Take the forms over to the last window to pay your fees and you're finished!
Applying For a Driving Permit
I would like to apply for a permit.
Can I see your ID?
No, I left it in the car.
I'm going to need to see your ID and $27 for your permit.
One moment while I go and get my ID.
Make it quick.
Here's my ID and the $27.
Thanks. Now fill this out.
Do you have a pen that I can use?
Use this one.
You're welcome. Turn the application in at Window B.
: Can I apply for a permit today?
I need to see your ID.
I think I forgot it in the car.
You need to give me your ID and $27.
I'm going to go and get my ID from the car right now.
Go get it.
All right, I'm going to need you to fill this out.
May I borrow your pen?
Here's a pen for you.
You need to turn that in at Window B.
I really need to apply for a driving permit.
Do you have your ID with you?
I may have left my ID in my car.
Well, I need your ID and $27.
I'll go get it really quick.
Please hurry.
Thank you very much. Please fill out this paperwork.
I need to use a pen.
Thank you. Now turn in your application at Window B.
Have you taken the written test yet?
You should study before you take it.
I have been studying.
Why don't you take the test?
Do you know if it costs any money to take it?
Since you already paid for your permit, you don't have to pay again.
All right. Do you know if the test covers the whole book?
No, the test skips a lot of things in the book.
Did you pass it the first time that you took it?
No, I didn't, because it was pretty hard.
Well, I hope that I do well.
Did you take the written test?
I haven't taken it yet.
Make sure to study first.
I study every night.
I'm sure you're ready.
Does it cost money?
No, it doesn't cost anything.
Does the test cover everything in the manual?
It skips around.
Did you pass the test your first try?
I thought it would be easy, but I didn't pass it.
Wish me luck.
Have you already taken the written test?
You really need to study for it.
I already know. I have been studying.
You should probably go and take it then.
I'm not sure, but does it cost anything to take it?
No, because you applied for your permit and you paid already.
Will the test be on everything in the manual?
It doesn't cover everything.
When you took the test, did you pass it the first time?
No, I didn't pass it.
Hopefully, I won't fail the test.
Learning How to Drive (1)
You know how to drive, right?
I'm pretty good.
Do you think you can teach me?
Did you get your learner's permit yet?
I have it already.
Do you have any experience driving a car?
I've only done it once.
Do you know all the controls in the car?
Yes, I am aware of them.
When do you want to start learning how to drive?
Whenever you have time.
We can do it tomorrow; just call me.
Do you know how to drive?
I'm a great driver.
Could you teach me how to drive?
Have you gotten your learner's permit?
Yes, I have my learner's permit.
Have you ever been behind the wheel?
I've only driven a car one time.
You do know all the controls in the car, don't you?
I know them.
Tell me when you want me to teach you.
We can do it when you have some time.
I'm not busy tomorrow. Call me then.
Are you a good driver?
Yes, I'm rather good at driving.
I need you to teach me how to drive.
Yes, but do you have your learner's permit?
Have you ever driven a car before?
I drove a car before, but only once.
Are you aware of all the controls in the car?
I already know all of them.
When would you like me to start teaching you?
When do you have time?
Call me tomorrow, and we'll get started.
Learning How to Drive (2)
Do you want to practice your driving right now?
No problem. We can do it right now.
Are you buckled up?
All right. Now what do I do?
Start the car.
Which way do you want me to go?
Take a left.
How far do you want me to go?
I'll tell you when to stop.
Just make sure to tell me beforehand.
We're back now, so why don't you try parking?
Well, that was fun. Let's do it again soon.
Let's go practice your driving.
If that's what you want to do, then we can.
Did you buckle your seatbelt?
I'm buckled up. What's next?
You need to start the car now.
Go left.
How far should I go?
I'll let you know when I want you to stop.
Tell me before you want me to stop.
All right, try parking here.
Thanks. Let's go driving again tomorrow.
Do you think we can go driving right now?
Yeah, sure. Let's go.
Buckle up.
All right. Now what?
Now you put the key in the ignition and start the car.
Which direction should I take?
Make a left on this next street.
Tell me how far to go.
Keep going until I tell you to stop.
Okay, but let me know ahead of time.
That's all for today, so park right there.
That was great. Thanks for taking me driving.
So how did I do on my driving test?
Do you want the truth?
Well, you really didn't do all that well.
How bad did I do?
To be completely honest, you failed your test.
How?
There were a number of reasons.
What were they?
Basically, you just can't drive.
Can I have another try?
You can take it in a couple weeks.
How did I do?
Do you really want to know?
You did pretty bad.
Exactly how bad?
You didn't pass the test.
I don't understand how I could've failed it.
There are a few reasons why you failed.
What are the reasons?
The main reason is the fact that you're a horrible driver.
You'll be able to take the test again in a couple weeks.
Did I do well on my test?
Do you want to know the honest answer?
Why wouldn't I want to know?
You had pretty bad scores.
Exactly what do you mean by bad?
You failed.
How'd I fail it?
There are a couple of reasons why you didn't pass.
What did I do wrong?
To sum it all up, you really just don't know how to drive.
Will I be able to take a retest?
Sure you can, in about two and a half weeks.
How'd I do on my driving test?
You did great on your test.
Did I pass my test?
You passed with flying colors.
Did I mess up at all on my test?
There was only one thing.
What was it?
You had some problems with parking.
Parking is always the hardest thing for me.
You should practice that.
I will, but in the meantime, do I get my license?
Yes. You got your license.
Did I do well on my driving test?
You did a wonderful job.
So, I passed?
Yes, you passed.
Did I mess up on anything?
You did mess up on something.
What was that?
Your parallel parking isn't all that great.
Yes, that's pretty hard for me.
You just need a little more practice.
I know, but I still get my license, right?
You got it.
About my driving test, did I do well?
You did a fabulous job.
Are you telling me that I passed the test?
That's what I'm telling you.
What did I mess up on?
You did mess up a little on one thing.
Tell me.
You had a little trouble on your parallel parking.
That's not easy for me.
That's something that you really need to work on.
Am I still going to get my license?
You're still going to get it.
I need to get my driver's license.
You need to take your driving test. Have you?
No, I still need to take it.
Please fill out this paperwork.
All right, but will I be able to take my test today?
Actually, you're going to have to make an appointment first.
May I make one right now, please?
Sure, you can. The soonest day available will be this Friday.
Friday will be fine.
What time can you come in?
I would like to do it sometime in the morning.
I'll schedule you for 11 o'clock, Friday morning.
I would like to get my driver's license today.
You will have to take your driving test. Have you taken it yet?
Could you fill these papers out, please?
Can I take my test right now?
You need an appointment.
I would like to do that right now, if I could.
Is Friday good for you?
Okay, so Friday at what time?
The morning would be nice.
All right. Come in on Friday at 11:00.
How can I get my driver's license?
Have you taken your driving test yet?
I have yet to take my driving test.
Okay, first I'm going to need you to fill out the paperwork.
When can I take my test?
You'll have to make an appointment for that.
I would like to make one right now.
How does Friday sound?
What time would you like to take the test?
If I could do it in the morning, then that would be good.
Eleven o'clock on Friday morning. See you then.
Asking Where to Park on Campus
I need to find somewhere to park.
Off campus or on campus?
I need to find a space on campus.
Why don't you park in the parking structure for students?
Where is the parking structure at?
It's on the west side of the campus.
Do you know if the parking structure is full or not?
It was empty last time I went up there.
How long ago was that?
I went up there early this morning.
Do you think it'll be full now?
It might be. You'll have to go see for yourself.
Do you know where I can park?
Do you need a spot here or off campus?
I want a space on campus.
There's a parking structure for students.
Where can I find it?
Go to the western side of the campus, and you'll find it there.
When I went up there, it wasn't full at all.
When was that?
Sometime this morning.
Would it be full now?
I am really not sure.
I really need to find a parking spot.
Are you looking for a space on or off campus?
Do you know any spaces on campus?
You can park in the student parking structure.
Where is it located?
You'll find the parking structure on the west side of the campus.
Do you have any idea if the parking structure has any spaces left?
Last time I checked, it was pretty empty.
What time was it when you went up there?
That was earlier this morning.
It wouldn't be full right now, would it?
Have you ever gotten a parking ticket?
I've never gotten one. Have you?
Really? What did you get one for?
I parked in the red zone.
I needed to get something real quickly.
Where did you park at?
At my apartment building.
Don't you have your own parking spot?
I needed to be fast.
That was very lazy of you.
Have you gotten a parking ticket before?
No, I haven't. What about you?
I got a ticket a couple of days ago.
I got it for parking in the red zone.
Why would you park in the red zone?
I had to run in and get something quickly.
Where were you at?
I got the ticket in front of my apartment.
I thought that you had your own parking spot?
I had to make it quick.
Hope it was worth it.
Did you ever get a parking ticket?
No, have you?
Yes, I just got one the other day.
How'd you get a ticket?
The ticket was for parking in the red zone.
I don't understand why you would do that.
There was nowhere to park, and I needed to run in and get something.
Where'd you get the ticket at?
I parked in front of my apartment building.
What about your parking spot?
But I really needed to be quick.
I bet that you wish you hadn't done that.
Paying Off Parking Tickets
I've gotten a few.
How many is a few?
I've gotten about six.
Have you paid all your tickets off?
Yes, I've paid all of them off.
It's like $130 each ticket.
That's not cheap at all.
I got a parking ticket the other day.
Pay it off, and they'll clear your record.
I'm going to do that as soon as possible.
Only a few.
What's a few?
I've gotten six, I think.
Did you pay your fines?
Of course I have.
How much are the parking tickets?
I think they're $130.
I just got a parking ticket.
You should probably pay the fine soon.
I'm going to pay it today.
How many parking tickets have you gotten before?
I've gotten a few parking tickets before.
How many?
Only about five or six.
Have you paid off your parking tickets?
Yes, I paid my fines.
How much do you have to pay for the ticket?
If I remember correctly, it's about $130.
I got one the other day.
You better make sure you pay it off.
I may just go to the DMV today, so I can pay the fine.
Is there a problem, officer?
Did you not notice that stop sign that you ran through?
I'm sorry, I didn't even notice it.
You didn't see it?
I honestly couldn't see it because of the bushes growing over it.
That's true. Those bushes are a problem.
I swear that I didn't mean to run it.
I can understand why you didn't stop for it.
Are you going to give me a ticket today, sir?
Under the circumstances, I think I'm just going to let you go with a warning.
No problem. Next time, just pay closer attention.
There was a stop sign back there that you didn't stop for.
I really didn't see it.
How'd you miss it?
I only saw bushes at the intersection.
Those bushes are covering the stop sign.
I really didn't mean to run it.
I see why you didn't stop.
Are you still going to write me a ticket?
No, I'm just going to let you go.
Thanks for being so understanding.
That's all right. Make sure to look closely next time.
Driving Through a Red Light
I stopped you for driving through a red light.
Did I really?
You didn't know?
I had no idea that I ran it.
Don't you know that yellow means slow down?
Yes, sir.
Why'd you speed up instead?
I really have no excuse, sir.
I'll have to write you a ticket.
I understand, and I am very sorry.
Here's your ticket.
What's wrong, officer?
You do realize that you ran a red light, don't you?
I did?
You didn't see the red light?
I'm sorry for running it, but I really didn't know.
Didn't you learn that red means stop?
Then tell me why you sped up on the yellow light.
I'm giving you a ticket for this.
I'm sorry for the misunderstanding.
Maybe you'll think about this before you decide to run another light.
Why'd you pull me over?
Are you aware that you drove through a red light?
I ran a red light?
Yes, you did.
I apologize, but I didn't realize that I did that.
Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down, not speed up?
I did learn that.
So, then why did you speed up?
I don't know what to tell you.
I'm going to have to write you a ticket.
Here you go. Don't do that again.
You're here today to argue your ticket?
I am.
Plead your case.
The police officer that pulled me over said I was speeding.
Were you speeding when you got pulled over?
I was not speeding.
How fast were you going?
In a 40 mph zone, I was only going about 35.
Seeing as the officer that pulled you over isn't here, I'll let you go.
Do I still need to pay the fine?
No, you don't.
I appreciate your understanding.
You want to argue your ticket today?
Yes. That is why I'm here.
Tell me your argument.
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
Are you sure you weren't speeding?
To be honest, I really wasn't.
What speed were you going?
I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
I'm so glad for your help.
Are you here about your ticket?
Yes, I am, Your Honor.
What is your argument?
Your Honor, the police officer pulled me over for speeding.
You must've been speeding.
No, Your Honor, I was not.
Tell me how many miles per hour you were going.
I was going 35 in a 40 mph zone.
That's fine, so I'll let you go with a warning.
So, I don't have to pay the ticket?
You won't have to pay the fine.
Thank you very much, Your Honor.
What are you here for today?
I need to fight this ticket that I got.
Is the arresting officer here?
Yes, he is, Your Honor.
I was told by the officer that I ran a red light. That information isn't true.
Why would the officer lie?
I'm not sure, but the signal had a camera on it.
Did the camera take a picture of your license plate?
No, my picture wasn't taken.
There was no picture taken, so I'll let you go.
I would like to fight my ticket.
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
Yes, the officer is here today.
What's your case?
I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
Do you believe that the officer lied?
There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
Your license plate was caught on camera?
A picture of my license plate was never taken.
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.
I need to pay the fine on my ticket.
Do you have the ticket with you?
Yes, I have my ticket with me.
Let me see your ID.
I forgot to bring that with me.
You need it to pay your fine.
Why can't I just give you the money for the fine?
Because, I need to see a photo ID in order to verify who you are.
I think I understand.
All right, come back and bring your ID.
So once I pay this off, my record will be cleared?
Once you pay it, your record will be cleared.
Could I pay for my parking ticket?
I need to see your ticket. Do you have it?
Here's my ticket right here.
I'm going to need to see your ID.
I don't have it.
You can't pay your fine without your ID.
I don't understand why I can't just pay you.
We have to make sure that the person issued the ticket is the one paying it.
Just come back when you have your ID with you.
Will my record be cleared after I pay the fine?
Only if you pay your fine.
I have a parking ticket to pay for.
Did you bring your ticket?
Yes, I remembered to bring my ticket with me today.
Did you bring your ID?
I didn't bring my ID.
You're going to need your ID to pay the ticket.
What do you need my ID for?
We have to know that this ticket is really yours.
All right, I see what you mean.
Next time you come back, bring your ID.
Will everything be cleared from my record?
Yes, everything will be cleared.
Calling a Traffic School to Make an Appointment
Pasadena Traffic School. How can I help you?
I would like to sign up for some classes.
What classes did you want to sign up for?
I need to take a driver's course.
You'll have to make an appointment.
What do I need to make an appointment for?
You need an appointment so you can sign the papers.
All right, can I make an appointment right now?
When are you available?
Can I make it for tomorrow at 9:00 a.m.?
I can schedule you for that day and time.
Thanks a lot. I'll be there tomorrow.
Can I sign up for some classes today?
I would like to take a driver's course.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Why do I need an appointment?
You need to sign the paperwork.
When can you come in?
How about 9 o'clock tomorrow morning?
I'll schedule you for then.
What do you need today?
I need to take a few classes.
What kind of classes would you like to take?
How about a driver's course?
You're going to need to make an appointment.
I don't understand why I need to make an appointment.
You need to make one to come down and fill out your paperwork.
I'd like to make one now if I could.
Sure you can; when would you like to come in?
I'd like to come in tomorrow morning at 9:00.
That's great. Thank you very much.
Talking to the Traffic School Instructor
I need to take the driver's course. How many hours do I need?
It depends on what you're trying to do with the completion of the course.
I need to get my license.
You're going to need to complete six hours.
How many hours a day can I do?
You can do two hours a day for three days.
That's all I need to do to finish?
Yes, that's all you need to do.
Thanks. I'll get back to you.
May I ask you something?
How many hours behind the wheel do I need?
What do you need to take it for?
I'm trying to get my license.
You need six hours.
Can I do all six hours in one day?
You have to do it in three days.
That's all I have to do?
Well, that's a relief.
I needed to ask you a question.
How many hours of the behind-the-wheel course do I need to take?
Why do you need to take the course?
I want to get my license.
You have to do six hours behind the wheel.
How many days do I need to finish the course?
You can't finish in less than three days.
That sounds easy enough.
Hey man, you hit my car.
I really didn't mean to.
It doesn't matter, because you damaged my car.
It looks okay to me.
Look what you did to my rear bumper.
My bumper is smashed in.
I didn't do that.
Your front bumper is just as damaged.
If you'd just give me your number and insurance, then I'll handle it.
Here. I'd better get a call from you.
Don't worry.
Why'd you run into me?
I didn't mean to. It was an accident.
You have completely damaged my car.
I did not. It looks perfectly fine.
You don't see what happened to my bumper?
What did I do to it?
You smashed my bumper in with your car.
I really don't think that I did that.
Your bumper looks exactly the same.
Look, just give me your insurance and number and I'll take care of it.
Give me your information, in case I don't hear from you.
Trust me.
Was there an accident on the freeway today?
You haven't heard about it?
No, do you know what happened?
This truck flipped over on the 210.
I'm telling you the truth.
Did anyone get hurt?
Two people were injured.
Are they going to be okay?
I think so.
That's a miracle that no one was killed.
Yes, they were lucky.
What happened today on the freeway?
You don't know what happened?
What did happen?
There was a truck on the freeway, and it flipped over.
I wouldn't lie about something like that.
Were there any injuries?
I heard that a couple people got hurt.
Are they all right?
The news said they should be fine.
I'm glad to know that everyone made it out okay.
I need to ask you something about my insurance.
Did you make any changes to my insurance?
What kind of changes are you referring to?
My premium isn't the same.
Is there a problem with your premium?
Did you guys raise my premium?
Yes, we did go up on the premiums.
Why wasn't I told of this change?
I apologize, and next time we will make sure to let you know.
I am inquiring about my insurance.
I think my insurance was changed.
What changes were made?
I think there's a problem with my premium.
It's higher than it was before.
I believe that the premiums did go up.
It would have been nice if I was notified of this.
I'm sorry about the inconvenience, and we'll notify you next time.
I have a question about my insurance.
What are you wondering about?
Were there any changes to my insurance?
What do you think was changed?
My premium is different.
I think that my premium went up.
We have raised the premiums.
You guys didn't think to notify everyone?
Next time we'll call and let you know.
Thanks for the favor.
I would like to purchase some health insurance.
Have you ever purchased health insurance before?
I have health insurance now, but I want to look into other choices.
Do you know if you are interested in an HMO or a PPO?
Could you explain the difference to me?
To clarify it for you, with a PPO you pay more but you get to choose your own doctor.
When I pay for a service, is the payment the same for a PPO or HMO?
The payments are quite a bit higher for the PPO, but you can go anywhere you like.
How much will an HMO cost me per month?
Go to our website and fill in the questionnaire. Once we have all of your information, we can give you a quote.
I am calling to purchase health insurance.
Do you have health insurance now?
I was on my parents' policy, but I need to start buying my own.
You can purchase an HMO or a PPO. Do you know what you want?
I don't know what I want.
Let me explain it to you. An HMO is a little cheaper, but you can only choose certain doctors.
When I go to the doctor, do I pay the same out-of-pocket expenses for a PPO?
The payments are a little lower for an HMO as long as you go to their doctors.
How much will a PPO cost me per month?
We need to factor in many things. Why don't you come in, and we will have you fill out a questionnaire.
I need information on purchasing health insurance.
Is this the first time you have had health insurance?
This is my first time buying health insurance.
You have a choice of HMO or PPO. Do you understand the difference?
I am not sure what those are.
Just so you understand completely: An HMO is a little cheaper, but you have limited choices of which doctor you choose.
If I need to use my insurance, are the payments the same for a PPO and HMO?
By going to the providers on the HMO list, you save money in out-of-pocket expenses.
Can you give me a comparison between a PPO and an HMO?
We can mail you a questionnaire and when we have all of your information, we will mail you a quote.
Oh, my God! It's my stomach. It's killing me!
Where does it hurt the most?
Right here! It hurts right here!
How long has it felt like this?
I felt OK when I woke up, and then, suddenly, I had this really sharp pain.
Do you have a history of stomach pain?
No, and I haven't done anything out of the ordinary.
I think that we are going to have to get you to an emergency room right away.
Thank you for helping me.
Can you tell me where it hurts?
I am so glad they called you. It feels like something is really wrong with my stomach!
Does it hurt when I push here?
It's mostly on my right side. Right here!
Have you been feeling this way for awhile?
I started feeling kind of sick last night after dinner, but this morning the pain got really bad!
Have you eaten anything unusual lately?
No, not that I remember.
We are going to take you to an emergency room right now.
I will feel better when I know what the problem is. Thank you.
Where are you feeling the pain?
I can't stand up! My stomach is killing me!
Can you put your hand where it hurts the most?
It hurts smack in the middle of my gut!
Did this just come on suddenly?
I felt OK until an hour or so ago, and then I just doubled over.
Have you exercised strenuously or played sports recently?
No, and I don't usually get a lot of stomachaches.
We need to get you to an emergency room to see what the problem is.
I think that that is the best way to figure out what is causing this. Thank you.
Sorry to bother you, but I was wondering if you could drive me to the emergency room.
Of course. What is the problem?
I am running a really high fever of 105 degrees, and I have a rash on my stomach.
If you can, go and unlock the back door, so I can get in when I get there if you fall asleep.
I can do that when I get off of the phone.
Do you know where your driver's license and insurance card are?
I already had them out before I called you.
Where is your nearest emergency room?
It's just a few blocks away.
Fine, I am on my way. I'll be there in about five minutes.
I hate to call you this late at night, but could you possibly help me get to the emergency room?
We will come right over. What happened?
My temperature went up to 105, and I have a rash!
Make sure that someone unlocks the back door, so I can get in if you fall asleep before I get there.
I will do that in a minute.
Make sure that you have your insurance card and driver's license where we can grab them.
I know right where they both are.
Is there an emergency room near you?
It is on the other side of town, next to city hall.
I am on my way. Give me ten minutes and I'll get to you.
I really need your help and want to know if you could drive me to the emergency room.
I will take you there right away. What is wrong?
I woke up with a rash and a temperature of 105!
I want to be able to get to you when I get there. If you can unlock the back door right now, that would be great.
I will make sure that I do that before you get here.
Also, make sure that we have your driver's license and insurance card before we leave for the emergency room.
I am getting them out while I am speaking to you.
Do you know where your nearest emergency room is?
It is near the bridge that crosses over the river.
I am driving to you even as we speak. Hang in there!
You don't look so good.
I have a major stomachache
Did you eat something strange?
I had spaghetti with clam sauce for lunch.
Maybe you have food poisoning.
Yes, that could have been it, but I haven't been feeling that great for the past few days.
Are you under a lot of stress?
Not really. Things have been going OK.
Maybe you have a touch of the flu.
I think that I might be getting the flu.
Are you feeling OK?
My stomach is bothering me.
What have you been eating?
I had a ham sandwich with mayonnaise for lunch.
Maybe the food had something wrong with it.
It could be bad food, but I didn't feel so well yesterday, either.
Have you been under a lot of pressure lately?
I haven't been under any more stress than usual.
Perhaps you have caught that bug that is going around.
I feel like maybe I am coming down with the flu.
You look kind of green.
I don't feel so good. I am feeling sick to my stomach.
Have you had anything to eat lately?
I had fried shrimp and clams for lunch.
Perhaps the food was bad.
Perhaps, but I haven't felt well for a few days now.
Has anything been upsetting you lately?
My stress level is pretty much what is usually is.
Do you think that maybe you are getting the flu?
It seems to me like I may have caught a bug.
Doctor, I have the worst toothache!
How long have you had this pain?
For about a week or so, but it's gotten really bad in the last couple of days.
Did you do anything that might have aggravated your tooth?
You know, I was eating jawbreakers in the movies the other day, and I accidentally bit down really hard on one.
What kind of toothbrush do you use?
I just use a regular hard bristle toothbrush.
Does it bother you when you eat something really cold?
Yes, it definitely bothers me more when I do that.
So what brings you to my office today?
My tooth is killing me!
How long has your tooth been bothering you?
It just started hurting me last night.
Have you injured your tooth in any way?
I think one of my fillings might be coming loose.
Do you have a special kind of toothbrush that you like to use?
I have an electric toothbrush.
Does it bother you when you eat something really sweet?
Oh yeah, when I do that, it hurts a lot more!
How have you been doing?
I can't sleep or eat. I have a really bad pain in my tooth!
How long have you had this toothache?
It bothers me off and on, but it's gotten much worse these past few weeks.
Is there anything that you've done to your tooth that might have caused the pain?
My girlfriend told me that I grind my teeth a lot when I sleep. Maybe that is the problem.
When you brush your teeth, what do you use?
I use a soft bristle toothbrush.
Does it bother you when you have to chew a lot?
Absolutely. That set it off big time!
Excuse me, could you help me pick out a lotion?
Sure, what is the problem?
I got poison oak while hiking, and I need something to help me with the itching.
I can suggest a product called Technu that comes in a lotion or cream.
Which do you prefer?
Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer.
Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching?
You can take an antihistamine.
Thank you so much for all of the information.
You are welcome. Please feel free to ask me a question any time you need help.
I need help picking out a lotion.
It would be my pleasure to help you. What do you need help with?
I picked up some poison oak while hiking, and I can't stop itching.
We have Technu, and it is available in lotion or cream.
Do you find that one works better than the other?
I have heard that the cream is longer lasting.
Is there anything I can take that will help with the itching?
If you take an antihistamine, that would help a lot.
Thank you for helping me figure out what to do with my poison oak.
It was a pleasure. Come back anytime.
Can you help me find a lotion for a problem I am having?
That's what I am here for. What questions can I answer for you?
I have poison oak, and I need help with the rash that won't stop itching.
The best product is Technu, and you can buy either the lotion or cream.
Which one is best?
The cream form is very popular.
Can I do anything else to help with the itching?
You could also take an antihistamine to help the rash go away quicker.
I appreciate you helping me find a solution to the itching.
Anytime you have a question, please feel free to ask.
I need to get my prescription filled.
You may pick it up in twenty minutes.
If I wanted to, could I have it mailed to me?
Yes, and you can renew this prescription by phone.
Are there any special instructions about this medication?
Take it three times a day.
Can I take it with food?
You should take this medicine with food and no alcohol.
Are there any side effects with this medication?
You might get a little dizzy, but that is it.
A: I am here to get my prescription filled.
B: Your prescription will be ready in twenty minutes.
A: Do you ever deliver prescriptions by mail?
B: Yes, in fact, you can renew this prescription over the Internet and have it delivered to your home.
A: How should I take this medication?
B: You should take it twice a day.
A: Should I avoid alcohol with this medication?
B: You need something in your stomach when you take it. Don't drink alcohol with this medication.
A: Should I expect any side effects?
B: Sometimes you might feel dizzy, but that isn't common.
I am dropping off my prescription to get it filled.
You can come back in twenty minutes, and it will be ready.
If I couldn't wait, could the prescription be mailed to me?
Yes, you can have it delivered or filled at any location in our HMO.
When should I take this medication?
You need to take it at bedtime.
Should I take this medicine on an empty stomach?
Don't mix alcohol with this medication, but you can take it with or without food.
What are the side effects of this medication?
You might feel a little dizzy at first, but it should pass.
Normal Test Results
I was wondering if you have my test results in.
I didn't see anything out of the ordinary, but I want you to log onto our website for a printout of all of the details.
So, basically, I am OK?
If there were any major problems, I would always notify you by phone to come in.
What will I learn when I see the results on the website?
A description of each test is given on the site.
What will the numbers tell me?
The website will give you a normal range and then tell you what your results are.
Are all of my test results on that site?
Your entire test history is on the site. You can compare your results from other years.
Could you tell me my test results?
Your results are posted on the website. Just put in your password and you can see the exact numbers.
Are you saying that all my results were normal?
We always contact you by phone to come in if there is a need for follow-up.
How will I know what the results mean on the website?
The purpose of each test is given on the site.
Will the numbers mean anything to me?
The website will give you your results and then tell you what the normal range is.
Can I see all of my test results at once?
Yes, you can see every test for the past five years. You can compare them.
I think I was supposed to call for my test results today.
If you go onto our website and put in your password, you can access your test results.
Are you saying that there weren't any problems?
I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem.
Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them?
Yes, if you go there, you can see what each test is about.
How will I know what the numbers mean?
You can see your results and how they compare to the normal range.
How can I see test results from tests I have taken before?
We put all of your test results up in the same place. Just check the dates for what you need.
Good morning, is this Ryan?
You are speaking with Ryan. How can I help you?
Ryan, this is Malia, and I need to call in sick today.
I went hiking and have terrible poison oak.
When did you get that?
I think I got it on Saturday, but it just showed up today.
What are you doing for it?
The doctor prescribed an ointment and gave me a shot.
Good. You probably should be much better by tomorrow.
May I speak to Ryan, please?
This is Ryan you are speaking with. What can I do for you?
Hi, Ryan, this is Malia, and I will not be coming to work today.
What is wrong with you?
I have really bad poison oak and can't stop itching.
How long have you had it?
I've had it a few days, but the rash really got bad last night.
How have you been treating it?
I have some lotion that the doctor gave me, as well as an antihistamine.
That should work. I'll see you tomorrow when you return to work.
I would like to speak with Ryan.
This is Ryan. How may I help you?
Ryan, this is Malia, and I am afraid that I am feeling a bit under the weather.
I have a horrible rash from poison oak.
Have you had it a long time?
The doctor said that I probably have had it a few days.
Have you been using anything for it?
I bought some over-the-counter lotion, and I am taking an antihistamine.
That will probably take care of your symptoms. I'll see you tomorrow.
Missing Classes
Is this Professor Clark's office?
This is Professor Clark speaking.
This is Kalia from your morning literature class.
I had a skydiving accident over the weekend and won't be able to come to school today.
My goodness! Are you OK?
I broke my leg, but it is healing.
How long will you be out of class?
I should be able to return by next Monday.
Fine. Well, thanks for calling and letting me know you will be absent. I hope you feel better soon.
Good morning, may I speak with Professor Clark, please?
You are speaking with Professor Clark.
Professor, I am Kalia from your morning literature class.
I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school.
Oh, my God! I hope you are all right.
I have a concussion, but I will be OK.
How much school will you miss?
I only need to take this week off.
I appreciate you calling and telling me that you won't be in class. See you next week!
I was wondering if I could get my test results from the other day.
Yes, I would like to schedule an appointment for you to come in and talk with me.
Is something wrong with me?
No, sometimes the test results aren't clear and we need to do more to get a clearer picture.
Can we talk about it now?
I would if I knew anything for sure, but I want to take a second look.
When can I come and see you?
You can come in this afternoon. If you would feel better, bring your husband with you.
Now I know that something bad is up!
Just relax. We will talk about it this afternoon.
The nurse said that you might have my test results in from the other day.
I would like for you to come in and talk about a few more tests that I would like to run.
Does this mean that you have bad news for me?
I just want to talk to you about the tests that I want to run.
Can't you just tell me now?
I don't know anything for certain. We always do a double check if there is a question.
I want to see you right away.
You can come in this afternoon. If you are feeling too stressed, feel free to bring a friend along.
I know for sure that something is wrong!
Don't worry about a thing; we are just taking a second look and talking.
The lab said that you would be getting my test results in today.
I want you to come in and discuss some further tests that I would like to run.
I think that this is a bad sign.
For now, I would like to run a few more tests to look into some of the problems that you mentioned.
Why wouldn't you tell me over the phone?
If there is any question about test results, we always do a recheck.
I need to come in right away.
I would be happy to see you this afternoon. If you are feeling upset, please bring a friend or relative along.
You are scaring me!
Come on in this afternoon and we will talk. It will be fine!
I have a doctor's appointment scheduled with Dr. Smith, and I need to change it.
What day did you have it scheduled for?
My appointment was on Tuesday.
What time was it scheduled for?
It was for two o'clock in the afternoon.
I see your appointment. What day would you like to switch to?
I would like to switch it to next Friday.
What time would you like?
I would like to come in at 10:00 in the morning.
Fine, I will pencil that in right now. We will see you then.
I scheduled an appointment with Dr. Smith, and I can't make it on that day.
What day was your appointment on?
My appointment was on Monday.
What time had you chosen?
It was for 10:00 in the morning.
I am looking at your appointment right now. What day would you prefer?
I would prefer next Thursday.
What time would be best for you?
I want to come in at 2:00 in the afternoon.
I am writing you down for that time. We look forward to seeing you.
Good morning, I made an appointment with Dr. Smith, but I have to change it.
When you made your appointment, what day did you choose?
My appointment was on Wednesday.
At what time was that appointment?
It was for 4:00 in the afternoon.
I can see the appointment that you had. What day do you need to change to?
I want to change to next Tuesday.
What time would you prefer?
I would prefer three o'clock in the afternoon.
I will put you down for that time. Thank you for calling to reschedule.
Excuse me, professor. I need to go home now.
Is everything OK?
I just feel funny.
What exactly seems to be the matter?
I have a terrible headache.
Do you think that you should go to the Student Health Center?
I already have some medicine at home if I could just get there.
Do you need someone to drive you home?
Thank you, but the bus stops right at my house.
Well, go home and rest up. Make sure you check the website for your assignments.
The doctor sent me over here to have my blood drawn.
Certainly, please have a seat and roll up your left sleeve.
What is this test for?
Well, today your doctor wants us to check your white blood cell count.
What does that tell him?
Well, if it is elevated, you might have an infection.
